 One of the other reviewers has mentioned that ...
 A wonderful little production. <br /><br />The...
 I thought this was a wonderful way to spend ti...
 Basically there's a family where a little boy ...
 Petter Mattei's "Love in the Time of Money" is...
 Probably my all-time favorite movie, a story o...
 I sure would like to see a resurrection of a u...
 This show was an amazing, fresh & innovative i...
 Encouraged by the positive comments about this...
 If you like original gut wrenching laughter yo...
 Phil the Alien is one of those quirky films wh...
 I saw this movie when I was about 12 when it c...
 So im not a big fan of Boll's work but then ag...
 The cast played Shakespeare.<br /><br />Shakes...
 This a fantastic movie of three prisoners who ...
 Kind of drawn in by the erotic scenes, only to...
 Some films just simply should not be remade. T...
 This movie made it into one of my top 10 most ...
 I remember this film,it was the first film i h...
 An awful film! It must have been up against so...
 After the success of Die Hard and it's sequels...
 I had the terrible misfortune of having to vie...
 What an absolutely stunning movie, if you have...
 First of all, let's get a few things straight ...
 This was the worst movie I saw at WorldFest an...
 The Karen Carpenter Story shows a little more ...
 "The Cell" is an exotic masterpiece, a dizzyin...
 This film tried to be too many things all at o...
 This movie was so frustrating. Everything seem...
 'War movie' is a Hollywood genre that has been...
 Taut and organically gripping, Edward Dmytryk'...
 "Ardh Satya" is one of the finest film ever ma...
 My first exposure to the Templarios & not a go...
 One of the most significant quotes from the en...
 I watched this film not really expecting much,...
 I bought this film at Blockbuster for $3.00, b...
 The plot is about the death of little children...
 Ever watched a movie that lost the plot? Well,...
 Okay, so this series kind of takes the route o...
 After sitting through this pile of dung, my hu...
 It had all the clichés of movies of this type ...
 This movie is based on the book, "A Many Splen...
 Of all the films I have seen, this one, The Ra...
 I had heard good things about "States of Grace...
 This movie struck home for me. Being 29, I rem...
 As a disclaimer, I've seen the movie 5-6 times...
 Protocol is an implausible movie whose only sa...
 How this film could be classified as Drama, I ...
 Preston Sturgis' THE POWER AND THE GLORY was u...
 Average (and surprisingly tame) Fulci giallo w...
 Return to the 36th Chamber is one of those cla...
 ***SPOILERS*** All too, in real life as well a...
 Bela Lugosi appeared in several of these low b...
 I cannot believe I enjoyed this as much as I d...
 The 33 percent of the nations nitwits that sti...
 As someone has already mentioned on this board...
 The Hills Have Eyes II is what you would expec...
 I laughed all the way through this rotten movi...
 NO SPOILERS!!<br /><br />After Hitchcock's suc...
 I just watched The Dresser this evening, havin...
 What happened? What we have here is basically ...
 I've just watched Fingersmith, and I'm stunned...
 So let's begin!)))<br /><br />The movie itself...
 Besides being boring, the scenes were oppressi...
 An unmarried woman named Stella (Bette Midler)...
 DON'T TORTURE A DUCKLING is one of Fulci's ear...
 Busty beauty Stacie Randall plays PVC clad, ba...
 I really like Salman Kahn so I was really disa...
 I'm not sure why the producers needed to trade...
 This film laboured along with some of the most...
 Caddyshack Two is a good movie by itself but c...
 Honestly - this short film sucks. the dummy us...
 I thought that Mukhsin has been wonderfully wr...
 I am not a golf fan by any means. On May 26 ab...
 Upon viewing Tobe Hooper's gem, Crocodile, in ...
 It tries to be the epic adventure of the centu...
 The Last Hard Men finds James Coburn an outlaw...
 Maybe it was the title, or the trailer (certai...
 The few scenes that actually attempt a depicti...
 This film took me by surprise. I make it a hab...
 Stephen Hawkings is a genius. He is the king o...
 The story is about a psychic woman, Tory, who ...
 Oh God, I must have seen this when I was only ...
 "Fate" leads Walter Sparrow to come in possess...
 We brought this film as a joke for a friend, a...
 This was probably the worst movie i have ever ...
 This is a typical Steele novel production in t...
 Oh noes one of these attack of the Japanese gh...
 Nicholas Walker is Paul, the local town Revera...
 Hollywood movie industry is the laziest one in...
 "Down Periscope" has been in our library since...
 If you came here, it's because you've already ...
 Deanna Durbin, Nan Grey and Barbara Read are "...
 If anyone is wondering why no one makes movies...
 I watched this series out of curiosity,wanting...
 Daniel Day-Lewis is the most versatile actor a...
 My guess would be this was originally going to...
 Well, I like to watch bad horror B-Movies, cau...
 This IS the worst movie I have ever seen, as w...
 I have been a Mario fan for as long as I can r...
 This short film that inspired the soon-to-be f...
 Okay, last night, August 18th, 2004, I had the...
 I bought this game on an impulse buy from walm...
 No, this hilariously horrible 70's made-for-TV...
 It is easy to tell early in this movie exactly...
 Marion Davies stars in this remarkable comedy ...
 The performance of every actor and actress (in...
 While Star Trek the Motion Picture was mostly ...
 Despite later claims, this early-talkie melodr...
 This is the best version (so far) that you wil...
 Apparently, the people that wrote the back of ...
 I liked Boyle's performance, but that's about ...
 It's terrific when a funny movie doesn't make ...
 So well made, no CGI crap. Has anyone else bee...
 The Assignment is an outstanding thriller with...
 this is one of the finest movies i have ever s...
 Set in the 1794, the second year of the French...
 Usually I'm a bit of a fan of the bad eighties...
 I have now seen quite a few films by Pedro Alm...
 I greatly enjoyed Margaret Atwood's novel 'The...
 this movie gets a 10 because there is a lot of...
 Ingrid Bergman, playing dentist Walter Matthau...
 "A bored television director is introduced to ...
 Ah yes the 1980s , a time of Reaganomics and S...
 This tale based on two Edgar Allen Poe pieces ...
 I am so happy and surprised that there is so m...
 "Revolt of the Zombies" proves that having the...
 The complaints are valid, to me the biggest pr...
 This movie was one of the best movies that I h...
 I remember seeing this film in the mid 80's th...
 Two hours ago I was watching this brilliant mo...
 Luckily for Bill Murray this is such a light-w...
 "The Danish Bladerunner" is boldly stated on t...
 This movie shows a clip of live animal mutilat...
 Anyone who thinks Kool Moe Dee, Carol Alt, and...
 This film could have been a decent re-make, an...
 I find it very intriguing that Lee Radziwill, ...
 C'mon guys some previous reviewers have nearly...
 I just watched this movie on it's premier nigh...
 I caught this film on AZN on cable. It sounded...
 Before I begin, let me get something off my ch...
 Ye Lou's film Purple Butterfly pits a secret o...
 After hearing about George Orwell's prophetic ...
 This cute animated short features two comic ic...
 I just got back from this free screening, and ...
 I remember seeing this film in the theater in ...
 A family is traveling through the mid West. Th...
 Francis Ford Coppola wrote and directed this s...
 This movie was not very well directed. they al...
 The buzz for this film has always been about t...
 A young girl becomes a war-time marine's pen-p...
 This movie is a perfect adaptation of the Engl...
 Robert Altman's downbeat, new-fangled western ...
 What seemed at first just another introverted ...
 I don't think I've ever gave something a 1/10 ...
 In the standard view, this is a purely awful m...
 From the film's first shot - Keira Knightley a...
 I've always enjoyed films that depict life as ...
 The story is very trustworthy and powerful. Th...
 This movie was not so much promoted here in Gr...
 MYSTERY MEN has got to be THE stupidest film I...
 You know that mouthwash commercial where the g...
 I can't believe it that was the worst movie i ...
 This is one of a rarity of movies, where inste...
 Even though I'm quite young, The Beatles are m...
 An American Werewolf in London had some funny ...
 Originally I was a Tenacious D fan of their fi...
 This is just one more of those hideous films t...
 The premise of this movie was decent enough, b...
 The Lives of the Saints starts off with an atm...
 I can't emphasize it enough, do *NOT* get this...
 Is nothing else on TV? Are you really bored? W...
 The Elegant Documentary -<br /><br />Don't wat...
 In 1993, with the success of the first season ...
 I think this movie was supposed to be shocking...
 Why can't a movie be rated a zero? Or even a n...
 This movie took me by surprise. The opening cr...
 Though I'd heard that "Cama de Gato" was the w...
 An unforgettable masterpiece from the creator ...
 This movie was a failure as a comedy and a fil...
 It is so gratifying to see one great piece of ...
 This movie is very violent, yet exciting with ...
 The day has finally come for me to witness the...
 This has to be the worst piece of garbage I've...
 A very ordinary made-for-tv product, "Tyson" a...
 I'm sure deep in the recesses of Jack Blacks m...
 I haven't read the Anne Rice novel that this m...
 While I count myself as a fan of the Babylon 5...
 Leonard Maltin gave this film a dreaded BOMB r...
 I don't believe there has ever been a more evi...
 If you wish to see Shakespeare's masterpiece i...
 The Golden Door is the story of a Sicilian fam...
 Nifty little episode played mainly for laughs,...
 I had before a feeling of mislike for all Russ...
 I watched mask in the 80's and it's currently ...
 Phantasm ....Class. Phantasm II.....awesome. P...
 Ludicrous. Angelic 9-year-old Annakin turns in...
 Scotty (Grant Cramer, who would go on to star ...
 If you keep rigid historical perspective out o...
 The film quickly gets to a major chase scene w...
 Interesting and short television movie describ...
 Any film about WWII made during WWII by a Brit...
 A brilliant horror film. Utterly gruesome and ...
 I absolutely love this film. Everything about ...
 No one can say I wasn't warned as I have read ...
 A new way to enjoy Goldsworthy's work, Rivers ...
 If you liked William Hickey in "Prizzi's Honor...
 I have seen most, if not all of the Laurel & H...
 I just started watching The Show around July. ...
 This film is well cast, often silly and always...
 I have just given a 10 for Thieves Highway, I ...
 This movie was terrible. The plot was terrible...
 I strongly dislike this show. I mean, like, ba...
 Normally I don't like series at all. They're a...
 holy Sh*t this was god awful. i sat in the the...
 This movie is without a doubt a perfect 10/10....
 I saw this at the London Film Festival last ni...
 I can't believe this movie managed to get such...
 This movie really woke me up, like it wakes up...
 Ed Wood rides again. The fact that this movie ...
 This sports a nice, deep cast but for a thrill...
 I think this movie has got it all. It has real...
 Howard (Kevin Kline) teaches English at the hi...
 When the opening shot is U.S. Marines seriousl...
 We usually think of the British as the experts...
 I had been looking forward to seeing Dreamgirl...
 One of Starewicz's longest and strangest short...
 Nice character development in a pretty cool mi...
 Prussic gas, a murderer donning a red clansman...
 I was very lucky to see this film as part of t...
 This movie is really bad. Most of it looks lik...
 I think this is one hell of a movie..............
 I saw this movie in the theater, and was thoro...
 I've seen this film literally over 100 times.....
 The three main characters are all hopeless, an...
 Reese Witherspoon first outing on the big scre...
 This game ranks above all so far. I had the ho...
 This movie is not worth anything. I mean, if y...
 This is yet another western about a greedy cat...
 Apparently, The Mutilation Man is about a guy ...
 This movie was absolutely pathetic. A pitiful ...
 I Feel the Niiiiiight Heat! I feel your HEEAAA...
 This movie fails miserably on every level. I h...
 Yes i'll say before i start commenting, this m...
 Based on a Edgar Rice Burroughs novel, AT THE ...
 I have seen this film at least 100 times and I...
 This show makes absolutely no sense. Every wee...
 This movie was so bad it was funny! For awhile...
 Meryl Streep is such a genius. Well, at least ...
 'Airport 4' is basically a slopped together me...
 Supposedly a "social commentary" on racism and...
 OK, I bought this film from Woolworths for my ...
 Insignificant and low-brained (haha!) 80's hor...
 Does anyone remember the alternative comedy sh...
 Well, here's another terrific example of awkwa...
 Resnais, wow! The genius who brought us Hirosh...
 I saw this movie in the middle of the night, w...
 This movie takes the plot behind the sci-fi fl...
 Black comedy isn't always an easy sell. Every ...
 Back in 1994, I had a really lengthy vacation ...
 Paul Verhoeven's predecessor to his breakout h...
 I accept that most 50's horror aren't scary by...
 Demon Wind is about as much fun as breaking yo...
 There is a difference between a "film," and a ...
 please re-watch all 3 series and do not go see...
 Finally! An Iranian film that is not made by M...
 Sometimes you just have to have patients when ...
 Tainted look at kibbutz life<br /><br />This f...
 (When will I ever learn-?) The ecstatic review...
 "Lost", "24", "Carnivale", "Desperate Housewif...
 Clifton Webb is one of my favorites. However, ...
 This is a must-see documentary movie for anyon...
 The message of a world on the brink of war is ...
 Fulci... Does this man brings one of the gorie...
 What an incomprehensible mess of a movie. Some...
 I love to watch this movie a lot because of al...
 WARNING: REVIEW CONTAINS MILD SPOILERS<br /><b...
 Some comments here on IMDb have likened Dog Bi...
 I watched this movie for the hot guy--and even...
 Absolute must see documentary for anyone inter...
 I have decided to not believe what famous movi...
 After a very scary, crude opening which gives ...
 I can't say much about this film. I think it s...
 I am not so old that I can't remember laughing...
 In New Orleans, an illegal immigrant feels sic...
 The box is why I originally picked up this mov...
 There have been many documentaries that I have...
 I saw this movie last night and thought it was...
 Yes, I call this a perfect movie. Not one bori...
 I would like to know if anyone know how I can ...
 I saw the movie "Hoot" and then I immediately ...
 I had some reservations about this movie, I fi...
 When I first saw this film around 6 months ago...
 Focus is another great movie starring William ...
 In "Brave New Girl," Holly comes from a small ...
 Despite a totally misleading advertising campa...
 This movie sucks ass. Something about a heatwa...
 I was looking forward to The Guardian, but whe...
 Going into see Seven Pounds i wasn't clearly s...
 I saw Brother's Shadow at the Tribeca Film Fes...
 "Mararía" really disappointed me. I can't cons...
 Serum is about a crazy doctor that finds a ser...
 witty. funny. intelligent. awesome. i was flip...
 It's a unique film, as it gives us our only ch...
 This is definitely a "must see" film. The exce...
 I thought this movie was stunning, with comple...
 I consider myself a bit of a connoisseur of bo...
 That this movie has been stapled to the wall o...
 Well, there's no real plot to speak of, it's j...
 This is the best film the Derek couple has eve...
 Some people drift through life, moving from on...
 Ho-hum. An inventor's(Horst Buchholz)deadly bi...
 Note to self. Never ever ever again watch a se...
 This movie is stupid. There's no getting aroun...
 I was looking forward to this so much, being a...
 as always this is an inaccurate picture of the...
 i really in enjoyed watching this movie. like ...
 Having been a Marine, I can tell you that the ...
 Every high praise word fell way short before t...
 Ken Burns' "Baseball" is a decent documentary....
 "Quitting" may be as much about exiting a pre-...
 I have watched this movie countless times, and...
 If only I had read the review by Alex Sander (...
 Even though I saw this film when I was very yo...
 Gone is the wonderful campiness of the origina...
 Although most Americans have little knowledge ...
 Victor McLaglen's performance is one of the fi...
 How do you take a cast of experienced, well-kn...
 The sexploitation movie era of the late sixtie...
 What a surprisingly good movie this one turned...
 I did not expect much from this film, but boy-...
 I cant believe there are people out there that...
 Flynn, known mostly for his swashbuckling role...
 Often laugh out loud funny play on sex, family...
 Thought provoking, humbling depiction of the h...
 Or anyone else have noticed the fact that firs...
 elvira mistress of the dark is one of my fav m...
 I saw this movie on the Hallmark Channel and t...
 Despite having an absolutely horrid script (mo...
 I find the critique of many IMDb users a littl...
 I was debating between this movie and 2012 but...
 Bend it like Beckham is packed with intriguing...
 Directed by Diane Keaton and adapted from a bo...
 Perhaps the most gripping and intelligent of c...
 In sum, overlong and filled with more subplots...
 Incomprehensibly dreadful mishmash of the prob...
 Did anyone edit this film? Or was it only the ...
 Riding high on the success of "Rebel Without a...
 Most of the comments on this movie are positiv...
 Pepe le Moko, played by Charles Boyer, is some...
 Man with the Screaming Brain certainly isn't a...
 You should never ever even consider to watch t...
 Tell the truth I’m a bit stun to see all these...
 This film held my interest enough to watch it ...
 Like the previous poster, I am from northern V...
 MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS. This movie was the worst...
 Watched this last night and was bowled over by...
 Recap: Something mysteriously dense that trans...
 This movie features Charlie Spradling dancing ...
 Had I checked IMDb BEFORE renting this DVD fro...
 The endless bounds of our inhumanity to our ow...
 This flick is so bad its beyond belief.Even fo...
 This is a very memorable spaghetti western. It...
 The plot: Michael Linnett Connors has done eve...
 It got to be a running joke around Bonanza abo...
 Years ago, when DARLING LILI played on TV, it ...
 This series, made for Televisión Española (TVE...
 I want the 99 minutes of my life back that was...
 One of my favorite movies which has been overl...
 It's nice to see a romantic comedy that does n...
 Of all the movies of the seventies, none captu...
 This is apparently the second remake of this f...
 This movie illustrates like no other the state...
 Owen loves his Mamma...only he'd love her bett...
 A Compelling Thriller!!, 10 December 2005 Auth...
 Filmfour are going to have to do a lot better ...
 Doctor Mordrid is one of those rare films that...
 A truly muddled incomprehensible mess. Most th...
 It doesn't happen very often, but occasionally...
 I'm a big fan of surrealist art, but this film...
 This ludicrous film offers the standard 1970's...
 This film was pretty good. I am not too big a ...
 For his first ever debut this film has some ri...
 This film contain far too much meaningless vio...
 Pathetic attempt to use science to justify new...
 I was truly looking forward to this title. It ...
 One of my sisters friends lent me this game, a...
 Chuck Jones's 'Rabbit Seasoning', the second i...
 A lovely little B picture with all the usual J...
 "Crossfire" is a justifiably famous 1947 noir ...
 AWWWW, I just love this movie to bits. Me and ...
 Skippy from "Family Ties" plays Eddie, a wussy...
 Of course I would have to give this film 10 ou...
 Goldeneye will always go down as one of thee m...
 Helena Bonham Carter is the center of this mov...
 I commented on this when it first debuted and ...
 Just because someone is under the age of 10 do...
 "Hey Babu Riba" is a film about a young woman,...
 After a snowstorm, the roads are blocked and t...
 This movie was a fairly entertaining comedy ab...
 What can you say about the film White Fire. Am...
 I am so disappointed. This movie left me feeli...
 This movie is all ultra-lightweight fluff, pre...
 If you are interested in learning more about t...
 Gamers: DR is not a fancy made movie, it's mor...
 In all honesty, I haven't seen this film for m...
 This is the only thing I will be able to look ...
 You'd think you're in for some serious sightse...
 I watched this movie based on the good reviews...
 A great Bugs Bunny cartoon from the earlier ye...
 I firmly believe that the best Oscar ceremony ...
 While in a plane, flicking through the large c...
 Ah, another movie with motorcycles, hell's ang...
 A rating of "1" does not begin to express how ...
 I feel dumber after watching the first 20 min,...
 The most self-indulgent movie I have every had...
 This has got to be the worst movie I haver eve...
 I like Ghost stories. Good ghost stories of bu...
 Okay, I've watched this movie twice now, I hav...
 This would've been a *great* silent film. The ...
 This movie starts with the main character lyin...
 This story about three women is a very sensiti...
 First and foremost, I loved the novel by Ray B...
 This film is so old I never realized how young...
 I had eagerly awaited the first screening of t...
 If you like Sci-Fi, Monsters, and Ancient Lege...
 A rather silly little film you just may love.<...
 This is an OK adaptation of the breath taking ...
 I never fell asleep during a movie. Never. Thi...
 What can I say? Not as bad as many here have m...
 Originally harped as a sequel to "The Slumber ...
 A killer, cannibal rapist is killed by a craze...
 Days of Heaven is one of the most painfully bo...
 In 1929, director Walt Disney and animator Ub ...
 Yes, indeed, it could have been a good movie. ...
 You wear only the best Italian suits from Arma...
 This is an excellent film about the characters...
 This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a...
 I watched Six of a Kind for W.C. Fields - he's...
 EDMUND LOWE (who reminds me somewhat of Warren...
 This movie is lame and not funny at all. The p...
 Although I was hoping that I'd like it a littl...
 Imagine this: a high school. Except it's board...
 I had been amazed by director Antal's Kontroll...
 First of all, the reason I'm giving this film ...
 This movie must be in line for the most boring...
 Down at the Movie Gallery, I saw a flick I jus...
 i am finally seeing the El Padrino movie, from...
 I thrive on cinema....but there is a limit. A ...
 Michael Callan plays a smarmy photographer who...
 I was drawn to "Friends" by the soundtrack sco...
 During the Clete Roberts preface, I was beginn...
 I decided to watch this one because it's been ...
 Mom should really be given a different title t...
 Empire of Passion starts out deceptively - tha...
 I am not a big music video fan. I think music ...
 Oh, my goodness. I would have never thought it...
 The Man With a Golden Arm was one of a trio of...
 This film was basically set up for failure by ...
 Have previously enjoyed Wesley Snipes in sever...
 An intense thriller about a mute movie make-up...
 Don't listen to most of these people. ill give...
 What a frustrating movie. A small Southern tow...
 This movie starred a totally forgotten star fr...
 When Carol (Vanessa Hidalgo) starts looking in...
 One of the more intelligent serial killer movi...
 I've read the other reviews and found some to ...
 I like this movie because it is a fine work of...
 I had a hard time staying awake for the two ho...
 Although the plot of this film is a bit far-fe...
 This movie was so badly written, directed and ...
 When I was a younger(oh about 2)I watched Barn...
 Steve McQueen has certainly a lot of loyal fan...
 This is a bad film, as its central message is ...
 I caught this movie on the Sci-Fi channel rece...
 (Very mild spoilers; a basic plot outline, no ...
 I shall begin with a disclaimer: This movie is...
 This is quite possibly one of the worst movies...
 If you really really REALLY enjoy movies featu...
 Joseph Brady and Clarence Doolittle are two sa...
 From director Barbet Schroder (Reversal of For...
 Things to Come is an early Sci-Fi film that sh...
 Weak,stale, tired, cliched; wants to be Basic ...
 One word can describe this movie and that is w...
 While i was the video store i was browsing thr...
 this film is quite simply one of the worst fil...
 I'll not comment a lot, what's to??? Stereotyp...
 This movie is a riot. I cannot remember the la...
 A fey story of a Martian attempt to colonize E...
 It's rare that I feel a need to write a review...
 Relentless like one of those loud action movie...
 This movie does a great job of explaining the ...
 In an alternate 1950s, where an outbreak of th...
 An extremely down-to-earth, well made and acte...
 Despite some reviews being distinctly Luke-war...
 "American Nightmare" is officially tied, in my...
 First off, I have to say that I loved the book...
 This movie was extremely boring. I only laughe...
 I was disgusted by this movie. No it wasn't be...
 Such a joyous world has been created for us in...
 What an empty and lack lustre rendition of the...
 My Father The Hero used to be my favorite movi...
 It is surprising that a production like this g...
 I just don't get some of the big premises of t...
 This is one of my all time favorite movies and...
 I know that you've already entered this in fil...
 This is probably the first entry in the "Lance...
 This animation has a very simple and straightf...
 My ratings: Acting - 3/10 Suspense - 2/10 Char...
 I am not a Faulkner fan (which is considered s...
 Chinese Ghost Story III is a totally superfluo...
 I can't stand most reality shows and this one ...
 If I had known this movie was filmed in the ex...
 The story and the show were good, but it was r...
 First, let me just comment on what I liked abo...
 This is one of the best TV productions of a mu...
 I am sorry to say that this film is indeed bad...
 Is it a perfect movie? No. It is a weird adapt...
 Overall I was rather impressed with the pilot....
 I'm the type of guy who loves hood movies from...
 I am a huge fan of the Farcry Game, HUGE fan. ...
 one of the best ensemble acted films I've ever...
 I haven't seen this movie in about 5 years, bu...
 Today, I wrote this review in anger at Uwe Bol...
 You cannot deny that we have an affinity for s...
 Im the type of person who always goes 2 to hor...
 Seven Ups has been compared to Bullitt for the...
 Have you ever heard the saying that people "te...
 "Night of the Living Homeless" was a fairly st...
 <br /><br />I'm not sure who decides what cate...
 I gave this a 1. There are so many plot twists...
 Not an easy film to like at first with both th...
 I read the book before seeing the movie, and t...
 DOCTEUR PETIOT, starring Michel Serrault, is a...
 I just got this video used and I was watching ...
 This film is really vile. It plays on the urba...
 What a horrible, horrible film. The worst coll...
 Motocrossed was fun, but it wasn't that great....
 Sixth escapade for Freddy Krueger in which he ...
 OK, I'm Italian but there aren't so many Itali...
 If you only see one Ernest movie in your life,...
 An idiotic dentist finds out that his wife has...
 The first Cube movie was an art movie. It set ...
 I have just watched this movie on DVD late thi...
 I believe Shakespeare explained what I just re...
 "I presume you are here for damage to your men...
 This movie was Flippin Awful....I wanted those...
 This is a movie that i can watch over and over...
 If you like to see animals being skinned alive...
 Another Spanish movie about the 1936 Civil War...
 A response to previous comments made by reside...
 I was expecting a lot from Mr.Amitabh Bachan's...
 A trio of buddies, sergeants all in the Britis...
 This movie pretty much sucked. I'm in the Army...
 If you watched Pulp Fiction don't see this mov...
 I went to see "Passion of Mind" because I usua...
 I thought that ROTJ was clearly the best out o...
 Crossfire remains one of the best Hollywood me...
 This movie basically is a very well made produ...
 So I rented this from Netflix because somebody...
 What a boring film! To sum it all up, its was ...
 {rant start} I didn't want to believe them at ...
 As a native Chinese, I can not accept this kin...
 This had a great cast with big-name stars like...
 I remember watching this series avidly, every ...
 I don't normally write reviews, but this "film...
 Few would argue that master animation director...
 Attractive Marjorie(Farrah Fawcett)lives in fe...
 I find it sad that just because Edward Norton ...
 I watched this movie on TV last night, hoping ...
 For those out there that like to think of them...
 THE GREAT CARUSO was the biggest hit in the wo...
 I attended an advance screening of this film n...
 1) I am not weapon expert, but even i can see ...
 Do you ever wonder what is the worst movie eve...
 The film began with Wheeler sneaking into the ...
 I was really hoping that this would be a funny...
 First of all "Mexican werewolf in Texas" is no...
 This movie is so God-awful that it was literal...
 The symbolic use of objects, form editing, the...
 I found this movie to be very good in all area...
 Rather like Paul Newman and Steve McQueen with...
 I would recommend this film to anyone who is s...
 This is an art film that was either made in 19...
 I read the book and saw the movie. Both excell...
 A drifter looking for a job is mistaken for a ...
 I really liked this movie. I have seen several...
 Although promoted as one of the most sincere T...
 Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famo...
 OK I have to admit that I quite enjoyed House ...
 I was -Unlike most of the reviewers- not born ...
 Just when I thought I would finish a whole yea...
 As is often the case when you attempt to take ...
 My father grew grew up watching George Reeves ...
 This unpretentious Horror film is probably des...
 I read the book before watching the movie and ...
 Years ago, Sara, a young girl witnessed her pa...
 In short if you want to watch Burt Reynolds be...
 I have watched Love Jones over thirty times. I...
 The basic genre is a thriller intercut with an...
 This is absolutely the best movie I have ever ...
 Holes is an awesome movie. I love it a lot and...
 I cannot hate on the show. When the old (and b...
 Worst DCOM I have seen. Ever. Well, maybe not ...
 its awful i cant believe that one of the great...
 Some people may call "Cooley High" the same so...
 So wonderful, so quirky, so romantic, so Itali...
 This film is, quite simply, brilliant. The cin...
 I have recently seen this production on DVD. I...
 In a time of bad, if not plain awful, comedies...
 PREY <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.37:1<br /><br...
 The tourist season has just ended on a remote ...
 This review also contains a spoiler of the fir...
 This movie is ridiculous. It's attempting to b...
 In dramatising Wilde's novel, John Osborne has...
 It starts out like a very serious social comme...
 This is my first Deepa Mehta film. I saw the f...
 All the way though i was thinking to myself "O...
 At 2:37, a high school student commits suicide...
 The quote above just about says it all for "Sl...
 Director Edward Sedgwick, an old hand at visua...
 The jokes are obvious, the gags are corny, and...
 These slasher pics are past their sell by date...
 The only reason I gave this episode of "Master...
 Like most, I thought 'another crocodile movie'...
 There are a couple of prior comments here whic...
 If you haven't seen this yet, you really shoul...
 Why is it that Canada can turn out decent to g...
 Ab Tak Chhappan is a fictitious story surround...
 Let's keep it simple: My two kids were glued t...
 It was 1 a.m. in the morning and I had nothing...
 Lackawanna Blues is and excellent movie. The c...
 Saturday June 3, 6:30pm The Neptune<br /><br /...
 As most people I am tired of the by the number...
 Many of the reviews and comments I have read a...
 As the number of Video Nasties I've yet to see...
 I rented this thinking it would be pretty good...
 I found out about this film because Jewish Ben...
 This movie has everything typical horror movie...
 Having just seen Walt Disney's The Skeleton Da...
 The cast of this film contain some of New Zeal...
 Emily Watson and Tom Wilkinson together - what...
 I am amazed with some of the reviews of this f...
 Angela (Sandra Bullock) is a computer expert b...
 I rented the DVD in a video store, as an alter...
 Look, this is a low budget horror film that su...
 It wasn't until I looked at the trivia section...
 I am a huge Woody Allen fan and so when I saw ...
 I rented this film because of my interest in A...
 1983's "Frightmare" is an odd little film. The...
 People watch movies for a variety of different...
 I think that you can not imagine how these peo...
 As usual, I am making a mad dash to see the mo...
 A group of friends break down in the middle of...
 Most Lorne Michaels films seem to fail because...
 Having read during many years about how great ...
 Many teenage sex comedy movies come and go wit...
 I loved this show from it's first airing, and ...
 I didn't know what to except so I think it was...
 Did the first travesty actually make money? Th...
 I was never so bored in my life. Hours of pret...
 This movie is awesome on so many levels... and...
 The Ladies Man is laugh out loud funny, with a...
 when i first heard about this movie i thought ...
 A flying saucer manned (literally) by a crew o...
 I just saw this film on DVD last night, and de...
 This was a fine example of how an interesting ...
 I have bought the complete season of Surface. ...
 This must have been one of the worst movies I ...
 Liam Neeson portrays the Scottish legend Rober...
 When i watch this movie i too get excited when...
 They've shown i twice in a very short time now...
 Having seen Carlo Lizzani's documentary on Luc...
 Time is precious. This film isn't. I must lear...
 worst. movie. ever made. EVER. I have no words...
 Savage Island (2003) is a lame movie. It's mor...
 I have to say this is my favorite movie of all...
 I saw it at the Legacy Theater in the Joseph S...
 Adenoid Hynkel, a lowly soldier in World War O...
 "Milo" is yet another answer to a question nob...
 This is one of the best horror / suspense film...
 Never saw the original movie in the series...I...
 Created in 1928, and originally named Mortimer...
 Highly regarded at release, but since rather n...
 The perfect murder is foiled when a wife(playe...
 The IMDb plot summary in no way describes the ...
 TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY is possibly the best...
 I first saw this movie when I was about 10 yea...
 Although there are some snippets in this 4-par...
 Considering this film was released 8 years bef...
 The movie was actually a romantic drama based ...
 First, I realize that a "1" rating is supposed...
 Picture the scene where a bunch of scriptwrite...
 The year 2005 saw no fewer than 3 filmed produ...
 Of the elements that make this the best at thi...
 Okay this is stupid,they say their not making ...
 Everyone, my name may sound weird, but there w...
 Finally was there released a good Modesty Blai...
 By now, the game's stale, right?<br /><br />Th...
 I decided to watch this movie because I'd not ...
 Unfortunately the only spoiler in this review ...
 I Enjoyed Watching This Well Acted Movie Very ...
 Hypothetical situations abound, one-time direc...
 <br /><br />I must admit, I was expecting some...
 I am so happy not to live in an American small...
 Like anyone else who bought this, I was duped ...
 I always felt that Ms. Merkerson had never got...
 This will not likely be voted best comedy of t...
 As a casual listener of the Rolling Stones, I ...
 Watch the Original with the same title from 19...
 Director Don Siegel really impressed me with t...
 Anyone who lived through the ages of Revenge o...
 Arguably the finest serial ever made(no argume...
 I have to say that the events of 9/11 didn't h...
 Perfect movies are rare. Even my favorite film...
 This has to be one of the 5 worst movies ever ...
 regardless of what anyone says, its a b-movie,...
 I want very much to believe that the above quo...
 It's hard to praise this film much. The CGI fo...
 I remember going to see the movie in the summe...
 Just finished watching 2FTM. The trailers intr...
 I was watching the sci-fi channel when this st...
 I only heard about Driving Lessons through the...
 For Greta Garbo's first talking picture, MGM w...
 Let me set the scene. It is the school holiday...
 As a long-time fan of all the Star Trek series...
 This TV-series was one of the ones I loved whe...
 Fans of the HBO series "Tales From the Crypt" ...
 Dirty War is absolutely one of the best politi...
 Some may go for a film like this but I most as...
 This is the Who at their most powerful. Althou...
 This filmmaker wanted to make a movie without ...
 They filmed this movie out on long Island, whe...
 That's how Burt Reynolds describes this film, ...
 Human Traffic is a view into an average weeken...
 This early Biograph short was so much fun to w...
 Baba - Rajinikanth will never forget this name...
 Written by Oliver Stone and directed by Brian ...
 First, the CGI in this movie was horrible. I w...
 I enjoyed it. There you go, I said it again. I...
 What a waste of talent. A very poor, semi-cohe...
 Although it strays away from the book a little...
 Mario Lewis of the Competitive Enterprise Inst...
 A lovely little film about the introduction of...
 Sigh. I'm baffled when I see a short like this...
 Cute idea... salesgirl Linda Smith (Yolande Do...
 Back in 1982 a little film called MAKING LOVE ...
 The concept of having Laurel & Hardy this time...
 This movie came as a huge disappointment. The ...
 Maybe I loved this movie so much in part becau...
 I was surprised that " Forgiving the Franklins...
 They must issue this plot outline to all wanna...
 I watched this movie so that you don't have to...
 Just saw this movie on opening night. I read s...
 I went to see this movie (actually I went to s...
 A well-made run-of-the-mill movie with a tragi...
 I don't understand the positive comments made ...
 Steven what have you done you have hit an all ...
 A call-girl witnesses a murder and becomes the...
 *Flat SPOILERS* <br /><br />Five med students,...
 One of my favorite shows back in the '70s. As ...
 I think my summary says it all. This MTV-ish a...
 Frownland is like one of those intensely embar...
 I saw this movie while surfing through infomer...
 I first saw this film when I was about 8 years...
 This film can't make up its mind whether its m...
 Why, o' WHY! ...did I pick this one up? Well.....
 Only a very small child could overlook the abs...
 Our teacher showed us this movie in first grad...
 A plot that fizzled and reeked of irreconcilab...
 Scott Menville is not Casey Kasem. That is the...
 I often wonder how movies like this even get m...
 This movie is an amazing comedy.. the script i...
 Even this early in his career, Capra was quite...
 Uwe Boll slips back in his film-making skills ...
 This video is so hilariously funny, it makes e...
 This film is dreadful. It has absolutely zero ...
 It's amazing that such a cliche-ridden yuppie ...
 I never watched the 'Next Action Hero' show, a...
 I am a big fan of old horror movies, and since...
 I just wanted to say that. I love Gheorghe Mur...
 I thought that this movie was incredible. I ab...
 This is a funny film and I like it a lot. Cary...
 Some here have commented that this is the WORS...
 First of all yes I'm white, so I try to tread ...
 Donald Pleasance and Peter Cushing united in o...
 The three shorts included on this compilation ...
 1979's Tourist Trap is a clever, unique B thri...
 Years ago I saw The Godfather and it made a la...
 This little two-person movie is actually much ...
 UK newspaper reviews seem to have concentrated...
 Alien Hunter: 5 out of 10: Is it me or does ev...
 I have a hard time putting into words just how...
 I love this young people trapped in a house of...
 i saw the film and i got screwed, because the ...
 Lorna Green(Janine Reynaud)is a performance ar...
 This outing of Knotts includes one of his best...
 Emma is a horribly flawed film based on Jane A...
 Why do I hate this? Let me list the ways:<br /...
 Thank God this wasn't based on a true story, b...
 If you want just about everything you want to ...
 The movie was gripping from start to finish an...
 This is a great show with total freshness and ...
 It's all about getting what you want when you ...
 Now i have read some negative reviews for this...
 I'd give this a negative rating if I could. I ...
 Most people are totally unaware that this movi...
 This is a great, ridiculous horror movie that ...
 While not quite as good as A Murder is Announc...
 Good Lord, what were they THINKING??!!!!!! Her...
 I had heard (and read) so many good things abo...
 This movie is among my favorite foreign films,...
 As if the film were not of value in itself, th...
 This film is a lyrical and romantic memoir tol...
 I saw ZP when it was first released and found ...
 Very strange but occasionally elegant exploita...
 This is an interesting, hard to find movie fro...
 Johnny and June Carter Cash financed this film...
 Jäniksen vuosi is one of Jarva's most politica...
 I love Jamie Foxx.<br /><br />And I enjoy 99% ...
 After seeing Dick Tracy in the 6.99$ bin at Fu...
 Send them to the freezer. This is the solution...
 Wow! I picked this off the rental shelf becaus...
 I don't know why some people criticise that sh...
 Mexican Werewolf in Texas is set in the small ...
 I found this to be a surprisingly light-handed...
 I was so glad I came across this short film. I...
 I thought before starting with these movie tha...
 Truly appalling waste of space. Me and my frie...
 In this movie, Chávez supporters (either venez...
 One could wish that an idea as good as the "in...
 OK, so it owes Pulp Fiction, but in my opinion...
 As far as I know the real guy that the main ac...
 All I ever heard while being raised was equali...
 I do regret that I have bought this series. I ...
 The story has been told before. A deadly disea...
 This film was very well advertised. I am an av...
 As far as I know this was my first experience ...
 Very typical Almodóvar of the time and, in its...
 Once again, Doctor Who delivers the goods by t...
 A Brother's Promise is a wonderful family film...
 Well...now that I know where Rob Zombie stole ...
 Director Sidney Lumet has made some masterpiec...
 I took my 14 year old to see this movie. We le...
 I loved this film. I thought it would be easy ...
 It's not easy to find Judas Kiss on VHS (it's ...
 First of all, I should point out that I really...
 STMD! is not a terrible movie, but it IS quite...
 First off, I have no idea how this movie made ...
 i am not exactly how sure the accuracy is with...
 I must have seen this a dozen times over the y...
 Steven Seagal's films of late have not exactly...
 and I for one think that is a good thing. I've...
 So real and surreal, all in one. I remember fe...
 Thank God I watched this at a friend's place a...
 A friend lent me this DVD, which he got from t...
 Shawshank, Godfather, Pulp Fiction... all good...
 I really cant think of anything good to say ab...
 Cinema's greatest period started in post-War E...
 This is a stereotype plot. A young fighter tri...
 This production was quite a surprise for me. I...
 It isn't TOO bad, but ultimately it lacks the ...
 From the decrepit ranks of the already over-sa...
 As a huge baseball fan, my scrutiny of this fi...
 This film takes you on one family's impossible...
 Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! I can not stand Ben st...
 This show is great for many reasons..The fathe...
 This film is where the Batman franchise ought ...
 The Quick and the Undead is, finally, the firs...
 I was stunned by this film. Afterwards, I didn...
 Am I the only person who thinks that the entir...
 The one of the most remarkable sci-fi movies o...
 This is the second Hitchcock film to appear on...
 It is always difficult to bring a 450 pages bo...
 This is one of my all time favorite cheap, cor...
 Let me first off say that I am a believer of g...
 For a long time, 'The Menagerie' was my favori...
 Coen Brothers-wannabe from writer-director Pau...
 When it was released this film caused a sensat...
 Largely forgettable tale in which mercenary Ke...
 Get Smart should be titled Get Stupid. There i...
 Herculis Puaro is, in general, a well establis...
 How can so many blundering decisions can be ma...
 This was by far the worst movie I've ever seen...
 If you've read Mother Night and enjoyed it so ...
 This is one of the worst movies, I've ever see...
 I sat through this on TV hoping because of the...
 A number of contributors have mentioned the ag...
 Family problems abound in real life and that i...
 The only conceivable flaw of this film is it's...
 Salva and his pal Bigardo have been at the mar...
 These kinda movies just don't get the credit t...
 As a big-time Prince fan of the last three to ...
 A good ol' boy film is almost required to have...
 After several extremely well ratings to the po...
 But it is kinda hilarious, at least if you gre...
 One of the two Best Films of the year. A well ...
 I managed to see this at the New York Internat...
 Why else would he do this to me?<br /><br />No...
 Minimal script, minimal character development,...
 A wonderful film ahead of its time,<br /><br /...
 it got switched off before the opening credits...
 This is one of the more unromantic movies I ha...
 (Only light spoilers in here)<br /><br />Steal...
 Yes, this is one of THOSE movies, so terrible,...
 Well where do I begin my story?? I went to thi...
 This is one of my favorites. Betty White and L...
 Following directly from where the story left o...
 Sometimes it's hard to be a pirate...............
 I had never seen a film by John Cassavetes up ...
 Based on an actual story, John Boorman shows t...
 This PM Entertainment production is laced with...
 SHALLOW GRAVE begins with either a tribute or ...
 Although this film has had a lot of praise, I ...
 No mention if Ann Rivers Siddons adapted the m...
 Meticulously constructed and perfectly played,...
 Wow. This is really not that good. <br /><br /...
 I have to point out, before you read this revi...
 I know little or nothing about astronomy, but ...
 After many, many years I saw again this beauti...
 First and foremost I would like to say, that b...
 "ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ"! If IMDb would allow one-...
 Once in a while, a movie will sweep along that...
 Hard to imagine this film is based on a true s...
 I'm stunned that the reviewers @ IMDb gave thi...
 Do a title search on Randolph Scott and TRAIL ...
 I went to see this one with much expectation. ...
 *Sigh* Leave it to us Finns to take a stupid i...
 After the highs of darkplace it was never conc...
 I saw this movie in a theater while on vacatio...
 I caught this on television one day when I was...
 The film's design seems to be the alpha and om...
 Is rich, ailing Elizabeth Taylor courting the ...
 i can't even describe it. it's the worst movie...
 The screenplay is the worst part of this film,...
 Lady and the tramp ii: scamp's adventure i thi...
 Wow, what's this on the video rental store's s...
 Ok, honestly I dont see why everybody thinks t...
 This episode had potential. The basic premise ...
 The quality of this movie is simply unmatched ...
 I kept watching it because it seemed like the ...
 The movie itself made me want to go and call s...
 If somebody wants to make a really, REALLY bad...
 A film for mature, educated audiences...<br />...
 For all of the Has-Beens or Never Was's or for...
 This movie has to be one of the most boring an...
 I first remember bumping into this zaniness fr...
 A guy desperate for action attempts to hit on ...
 i think it is great one of my favourite films ...
 The film someone had to make.<br /><br />Waco:...
 What a good movie! At last a picture revealing...
 Had it with the one who raised you since when ...
 Yes, it is a bit cheesy. But it's suspenseful ...
 So it isn't an epic, but for people experienci...
 I absolutely loved this film! I was hesitant t...
 Previous reviewer Claudio Carvalho gave a much...
 Great premise, poor execution. Cast of great a...
 Have to agree that this movie and it's talente...
 I had two reasons for watching this swashbuckl...
 This film is an abomination of all that is wor...
 This was my first Gaspar Noe movie I've watche...
 I agree with BigAlC - this movie actually prep...
 I laughed so hard during this movie my face hu...
 Although I lived in Australia in 1975, I moved...
 I may be a good old boy from Virginia in the C...
 I never want to see this movie again!<br /><br...
 The problem is the role of the characters in t...
 Life Begins - and ends - in a typical 1930's m...
 This is a great film. Touching and strong. The...
 I think the manuscript of this movie was writt...
 *Criticism does mention spoilers*<br /><br />I...
 Possible Spoilers, Perhaps. I must say that "C...
 Hopefully the score has changed by now due to ...
 Formula movie about the illegitimate son of a ...
 Whatever rating I give BOOM is only because of...
 VIVA LA BAM This "Jackass" spin off focuses on...
 I had never heard of Larry Fessenden before bu...
 Schlocky '70s horror films...ya gotta love 'em...
 I suppose for 1961 this film was supposed to b...
 This is one of the finest films to come out of...
 Now I don't hate cheap movies. I just don't se...
 A fabulous book about a fox and his family who...
 As soon as it hits a screen, it destroys all i...
 For a film made in Senegal, based, I guess loo...
 This is a very noir kind of episode. It begins...
 The Royal Rumble has traditionally been one of...
 I remember this in a similar vein to the Young...
 Destined to be a classic before it was even co...
 Stephane Audran is the eponymous heroine of th...
 This movie was way over-hyped. A lot of the vi...
 It is incredible that there were two films wit...
 I dunno sometimes...you try and try and try to...
 Big Fat Liar is what you get when you combine ...
 Tim Robbins and John Cusack are two actors I h...
 On watching this film, I was amazed at how med...
 Nothing is sacred. Just ask Ernie Fosselius. T...
 I hated it. I hate self-aware pretentious inan...
 I usually try to be professional and construct...
 If you like me is going to see this in a film ...
 This is like a zoology textbook, given that it...
 This movie is awful, I can't even be bothered ...
 Why do movie makers always go against the auth...
 I can't believe that those praising this movie...
 This film really used its locations well with ...
 Strangely enough this movie never made it to t...
 This film is so bad - dialogues, story, actors...
 I don't leave IMDb comments about films but th...
 In Nordestina, a village in the middle of nowh...
 "I like cheap perfume better; it doesn't last ...
 I am a huge fan of Harald Zwart, and I just kn...
 Based on the best-selling novel "The Dismissal...
 This is sad this movie is the tops this should...
 I found it very very difficulty to watch this ...
 This movie is a real low budget production, ye...
 I watch this movie without big expectations, I...
 What a fun filled, sexy movie! They certainly ...
 Jackass Number Two is easily the most hilariou...
 Turn your backs away or you're gonna get in bi...
 I remember the events of this movie, the ill f...
 "Ally McBeal" was a decent enough show, but it...
 Bad, ambient sound. Lots of shuffling. Loooong...
 Okay so I love Aidan Quinn's acting even with ...
 You remember the Spice Girls movie and how bad...
 I saw SEA OF DUST as part of a NYC screening a...
 This is a good time to say how good I think of...
 I'm a Christian. I have always been skeptical ...
 Having finally caught up with this "masterpiec...
 Thoughtless, ignorant, ill-conceived, career-k...
 Jim Carrey is one of the funniest and most gif...
 Shameless Screen Entertainment is a relatively...
 The key scene in Rodrigo Garcia's "Nine Lives"...
 MINOR PLOT SPOILERS AHEAD!!!<br /><br />How di...
 I can't really see how anyone can have any int...
 A major disappointment. This was one of the be...
 I saw this movie only because Sophie Marceau. ...
 OK, how's this for original- this mean, rich o...
 L'Auberge Espagnole is full of energy, and it'...
 Make sure you make this delightful comedy part...
 " Så som i himmelen " .. as above so below.. t...
 At the height of the 'Celebrity Big Brother' r...
 I am from Texas, and live very close to Plano ...
 Mukhsin is a beautiful movie about a first lov...
 The film is partly a thriller and partly a pub...
 This could have been great. The voice-overs ar...
 A good documentary reviewing the background be...
 Not the best plot in the world, but the comedy...
 What a surprise; two outstanding performances ...
 Felt it was very balanced in showing what Jeho...
 A proof that it's not necessary for a movie to...
 I also saw this at the cinema in the 80s and h...
 The film "Chaos" takes its name from Gleick's ...
 I rented this movie with my friend for a good ...
 Silent historical drama based on the story of ...
 As a camera operator, I couldn't help but admi...
 I just saw this movie at a sneak preview and a...
 Duchess is a pretty white cat who lives with h...
 Slipknot is a hardcore rock band from Des Moin...
 The review on the main page admits that the mo...
 The movie plot seems to have been constructed ...
 It's 2005, my friends...a time of amazing spec...
 Even with a cast that boasts such generally re...
 In the colonies we're not all that familiar wi...
 Probably New Zealands worst Movie ever made<br...
 Like the other comments says, this might be su...
 To put it simply, The Fan was a disappointment...
 The opening scene keeps me from rating at abso...
 In this day and age in which just about every ...
 I've never laughed and giggled so much in my l...
 The storyplot was okay by itself, but the film...
 My comment is mainly a comment on the first co...
 The DVD version released by Crash Cinema was v...
 Ahh, nuthin' like cheesy, explopitative, semi-...
 i happen to love this show. Its a refreshing t...
 Wow, i'm a huge Henry VIII/Tudor era fan and, ...
 It is hard to believe that anyone could take s...
 Must have to agree with the other reviewer. Th...
 In KPAX Softley brushes on the subtleties of E...
 After 15 minutes watching the movie I was aski...
 I thought Rachel York was fantastic as "Lucy."...
 I have to say the first I watched this film wa...
 I want Céline and Jessie go further in their r...
 Lovely Candace Bergen as the widow Perdicaris ...
 This movie is pathetic in every way possible. ...
 ...Or better yet, watch Fandango if you want t...
 Sharky's Machine is easily one of Burt Reynold...
 Winchester '73 is a great story, and that's wh...
 Peak Practice was a British drama series about...
 Maria Braun is an extraordinary woman presente...
 This quasi J-horror film followed a young woma...
 This dreadful film assembles every Asian stere...
 "Gypsy" is possibly the greatest musical ever ...
 Unless you are mentally ill or the most die ha...
 When I first saw it 9 years ago, when I was 9....
 Saw a screener of this before last year's Awar...
 Read Eric's review again. He perfectly describ...
 This is an immoral and reprehensible piece of ...
 This is the worst movie that I have ever seen....
 Lame rip-off of THE QUATERMASS XPERIMENT (1955...
 (This has been edited for space)<br /><br />Ch...
 The idea behind this movie was great. The stor...
 I watch them all.<br /><br />It's not better t...
 Dear God! I kept waiting for this movie to "ge...
 First, let me start off by saying this film SO...
 Billy Crystal co-wrote, co-produced and stars ...
 I went to see this on the strength of Albert F...
 An astronaut gets lost in deep space and finds...
 This is a film that can make you want to see i...
 I have been wanting to see this since my Frenc...
 A CBS radio program entitled "We the People" a...
 I have not read the book that this was based u...
 Brilliant thriller, deserving far more fame, M...
 I saw this movie a fews years ago and was lite...
 I just watched this movie on Bravo! and it was...
 How nice to have a movie the entire family can...
 As a fan of Henriksen (I liked him in the "Mil...
 In theory, films should be a form of entertain...
 Bela Lugosi is an evil botanist who sends brid...
 What the hell was this? I'll admit there were ...
 I have to say that this miniseries was the bes...
 doesn't mean this movie is good. i was really ...
 My roommate and I have another friend that wor...
 This movie seemed like it was put together ver...
 This review is for the extended cut of this mo...
 Detective Tony Rome (Frank Sinatra) returns to...
 Having been interested in Akhenaton for many y...
 This is an hilarious movie. One of the very be...
 Amicus made close to a good half dozen of thes...
 Let's start from this point: This is not a mov...
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The ...
 The somewhat-belligerent brother of a suicide ...
 I haven't had a chance to view the previous fi...
 My husband and I just got done watching this m...
 How did Mike Hammer live - in a penthouse with...
 Last year, I fell in love with the Tim Burton'...
 I was very impressed with what Eddie Monroe wa...
 This is a very unusual film in that the star w...
 Wasted is just that, a waste of time. MTV is c...
 I really think I should make my case and have ...
 I first saw Enchanted April about five years a...
 I'm a 53 year-old college professor. I went wi...
 In my Lit. class we've just finished the book,...
 This show has to be my favorite out of all the...
 This is going to be the most useless comment I...
 This is one of the movies of Dev Anand who gav...
 As an aging rocker, this movie mentions Heep a...
 Winchester 73 gets credit from many critics fo...
 I am sad to say that I disagree with other peo...
 Prison is not often brought up during conversa...
 Butch the peacemaker? Evidently. After the vio...
 like in so many movies of the past, you would ...
 I really wanted to write a title for this revi...
 I saw this film at a special screening. At fir...
 I saw this kung fu movie when I was a kid, and...
 ...And there were quite a few of these. <br />...
 Others have commented on the somewhat strange ...
 When I saw this in the cinema, I remember winc...
 De Palma's technique had hit its high maturity...
 Having read many of the comments here, I'm sur...
 Just got around to seeing Monster Man yesterda...
 I was very moved by the story and because I am...
 I have a 19-month old and got really tired of ...
 What great locations. A visual challenge to al...
 The Earth is destined to be no more thanks to ...
 Well, where do I start...<br /><br />As one of...
 Begotten is one of the most unique films I've ...
 Although this was a low budget film and clearl...
 Darr is a great movie! Shahrukh plays an obses...
 It would be a shame if Tommy Lee Jones and Rob...
 I love this movie. The cast were all terrific ...
 This is one of the unusual cases in which a mo...
 Not to be confused with the Resse Witherspoon ...
 A SHIRLEY TEMPLE Short Subject.<br /><br />It ...
 I liked this movie a lot. It really intrigued ...
 I felt obliged to watch this movie all the way...
 It's pretty evident that many of your nights w...
 George Saunders is a forger who steals a rare ...
 This is a movie about a black man buying a air...
 I've noticed how all the other reviews of this...
 This movie was an excellent acted, excellent d...
 Cheap, amateurish, unimaginative, exploitative...
 The cars in this movie are awesome. The acting...
 Who doesn't have unresolved issues with parent...
 Good animation, nice character design, and a l...
 A film like Crossfire puts another film that s...
 Warning Spoilers following. Superb recreation ...
 The club scenes in this film are extremely bel...
 This movie makes me think the others I've seen...
 I saw this film purely based on the fact that ...
 15 Park Avenue, well the name mystifies initia...
 I was Stan in the movie "Dreams Come True". St...
 The movie starts good, it has a thing going fo...
 Lion King 1 1/2 is a very fun and addictive se...
 When this was released, I thought this was one...
 I'd give this film a 1/10. This film is devoid...
 I was so surprised when I saw this film so muc...
 I was greatly disappointed by the quality of t...
 I've tried to reconcile why so many bad review...
 WARNING: SPOILER,SPOILER,SPOILER!!!!<br /><br ...
 This is a great film with an amazing cast. Cri...
 Maya is a woman without any interests. She jus...
 This is a bad movie. Not one of the funny bad ...
 This is an excellent movie and I wish that the...
 This movie is simply not worth the time or mon...
 putting aside the "i'm so sure"s and "totally ...
 It started out with an interesting premise. I ...
 A film that is so much a 30's Warners film in ...
 I got this DVD well over 2 years ago and only ...
 This episode of Buffy was one of my personal f...
 Bulletproof is quite clearly a disposable film...
 I think this movie was made as good as it coul...
 I gave this 4 stars because it has a lot of in...
 One of my all time favourite films, ever. Just...
 This is a really mediocre film in the vein of ...
 being a high school student,i have to take a h...
 This movie is good for entertainment purposes,...
 This movie has made me upset! When I think of ...
 Mickey Rourke hunts Diane Lane in Elmore Leona...
 "Müllers Büro" is a movie which many will watc...
 Peter Sollett has created an endearing portrai...
 The long list of "big" names in this flick (in...
 I love the Jurassic Park movies, they are thre...
 utterly useless... having been there, done tha...
 Wild Rebels is fun in a bad way, but also frus...
 I`ve seen this movie twice, both times on Cine...
 If this is someone's "favorite" movie, they ne...
 I concur with the other users comment. Hard to...
 I have just recently purchased collection one ...
 I've seen my share of Woody Allen's movies, an...
 Although the premise of the movie involves a m...
 I saw this movie, and the play, and I have to ...
 And nothing wrong in that! Heartily endorse th...
 I've seen this amusing little 'brit flick'many...
 I'm not sure this film could ever match the fi...
 Beautiful film, pure Cassavetes style. Gena Ro...
 The 20th animated Disney classic is often crit...
 I'm not going to say that this movie is horrib...
 Appalling, shallow, materialistic nonsense. Ho...
 A throwback to the "old fashioned" Westerns of...
 We sat through this movie thinking why is this...
 On the back burner for years (so it was report...
 **Could be considered some mild spoilers, but ...
 Better than average World War II-era "who-dun-...
 I had high hopes for this movie. The theater m...
 I am not a big fan of Rajnikant in the first p...
 Truly a disgusting, vile film, with only a sma...
 Obabakoak is a bunch of short stories with an ...
 The entire civilized world by now knows that t...
 I'm a huge fan of war movies, and, as a Vietna...
 All right, here's the deal: if you're easily o...
 Saw this a couple times on the Sundance Channe...
 If you liked the first two films, then I'm sor...
 There was nothing remotely funny about this mo...
 I love this film, it is excellent and so funny...
 Darling Lili is a mixture of Perfection and Ma...
 Good grief! While I still maintain that Manos:...
 If you haven't figured out what is going to ha...
 First of all. I do not look down on Americans....
 The sort of "little" film which studios used t...
 I do not like Himesh Reshamiya. I do not like ...
 Even for a tired movie model as the nature vs....
 Ghillie a remake of the Telugu "okkadu' is tha...
 The only reason I give it a 2 is that filmogra...
 This is a big step down after the surprisingly...
 A Vow to Cherish is a wonderful movie. It's ba...
 The title suggests that this movie is a sequel...
 please, future writers, producers, directors -...
 Once again, we are fortunate to see a gorgeous...
 Henry Fool surprised me. I didn't expect it to...
 So tell me - what serious boozer drinks Budwei...
 at first I had the reaction a lot of people le...
 One of my absolute favorite childhood films. T...
 It's this sort of movie that you try and imita...
 A lot of people give this movie a lot of crap,...
 Today I found "They All Laughed" on VHS on sal...
 It amazes me that someone would actually consi...
 Cedric Klapisch's movie L'AUBERGE ESPAGNOLE is...
 Hitchcock would be proud of this movie. Even w...
 i am working at a video store so i got to see ...
 Yes, this bizarre feature was written by John ...
 Absolutely one of the worst movies I have ever...
 "Plots With A View" of 2002 is a delightful li...
 I like many others saw this as a child and I l...
 I am an actor,producer, director and what i am...
 Good movies are original, some leave a message...
 Its incredible to me that the best rendition o...
 What a drawn out painful experience.<br /><br ...
 Well, I have not much to say about this film e...
 Ladies and Gentlemen, may we present the worst...
 saw this movie and totally loved it the charac...
 I waited for this movie to play in great antic...
 Have you ever wondered what would happen if a ...
 Since there have been so many reviews of this ...
 Alien was excellent. Many writers tried to cop...
 OK, this doesn't compare to the explosive temp...
 This movie was a masterpiece of human emotions...
 The man who gave us Splash, Cocoon and Parenth...
 There's hardly anything at all to recommend th...
 Now here is a film that if made in Australia w...
 My interest in Dorothy Stratten caused me to p...
 The first hour or so of the movie was mostly b...
 I feel as though I know these people and have ...
 Like a twisty country road, "Tough Luck" takes...
 Has aged really well - still thrilling and sus...
 They should have named this movie ...Blonde wo...
 This is one of the best movies. It is one of m...
 "Bell Book and Candle" was shown recently on c...
 It is very hard to come up with new informatio...
 This entire movie is worth watching just for t...
 Granted, this seems like a good idea. Steve Ma...
 Halloween 666 (1995) The producer's cut review...
 Definitely a "must see" for all fans of film n...
 I rented this movie on the merits of what the ...
 If you are a traveller, if there is a fire bur...
 What are Forest Whitaker and Clifton Collins J...
 There are plenty of comments already posted sa...
 I'm surprised about the many female voters who...
 Matthau and Lemmon are at their very best in t...
 This is an incredible film. I can't remember t...
 Just how bad? Well, compared to this movie, Ca...
 Some of the secondary actors try, really hard....
 This movie is simply bad. First of all the sto...
 Though not Hal Hartley's best work (my persona...
 I bought this (it was only $3, ok?) under the ...
 There is a bit of trivia which should be point...
 I enjoyed this movie very much. Kristy Swanson...
 52-Pick Up never got the respect it should hav...
 Teenage Exorcist is one of those God-awful fil...
 Wenders was great with Million $ Hotel.I don't...
 As a low budget enterprise in which the filmma...
 Child 'Sexploitation' is one of the most serio...
 I will not say much about this film, because t...
 Whoa. In the Twin Cities, we have a station th...
 Although I am a fan of Heather Thomas and I ha...
 i am surprised so few have good words for this...
 Seeing this film, or rather set of films, in m...
 Not the film to see if you want to be intellec...
 This is one of the worst films I've seen for y...
 Wealthy widower Anthony Steffen (as Alan Cunni...
 This is the worst movie I have seen for years!...
 At a risk of sounding slightly sacrilegious, o...
 Ugh. Even the ever-popular Diane Lane could no...
 How Disney can you get? Preppy rich girls act ...
 If this film is examined closely, it's a bit s...
 I happen to run into this movie one night so I...
 I went to see this film because Joaquim de Alm...
 "Yes, Georgio" is a light-hearted and enjoyabl...
 This gem for gore lovers is extremely underrat...
 I had nothing to do before going out one night...
 ... but had to see just how bad it could get. ...
 The first 45 minutes of Dragon Fighter are ent...
 Dr. Bock teaches at the hospital and he is qui...
 I've been playing this movie incessantly this ...
 WOW!! Talk about a film that divides the audie...
 This movie tries to run away to the typical 'I...
 Homelessness (or Houselessness as George Carli...
 I a huge fan of when it comes to Doctor Who se...
 I went into this film expecting/hoping for a s...
 Looked forward to viewing this film and seeing...
 This was one of the worst films I can remember...
 I bought the DVD a long time ago and finally g...
 First of all let us discuss about the story. I...
 I try to catch this film each time it's shown ...
 I got to know ÆON back in the early 90s via te...
 I didn't expect much when I rented this movie ...
 This is like something I have NEVER seen befor...
 This off-beat horror movie seems to be getting...
 Armored<br /><br />The best part about driving...
 If this film becomes a holiday tradition I am ...
 This movie is supposed to be taking place in a...
 The movie was good. Really the only reason I w...
 I bought this adaptation because I really like...
 The gate to Hell has opened up under Moscow. A...
 Walter Matthau and George Burns just work so w...
 Warning Spoiler. . . I have to agree with you,...
 Brown of Harvard is a hard movie to pin down. ...
 I was skimming over the list of films of Richa...
 I remember watching American Gothic when it fi...
 . . . and that is only if you like the sight o...
 "Coconut Fred's Fruit Salad Island!" is a hila...
 The poet Carne disappears (didn´t he disappear...
 This movie, which I just discovered at the vid...
 How viewers react to this new "adaption" of Sh...
 As a fan of Wm. Faulkner since college, I was ...
 I just caught "Farewell to the King" on cable,...
 A great suspense movie with terrific slow came...
 Choose your fate: The terrible tykes of the fo...
 This movie was absolutely wonderful. The pre-p...
 A terrible amateur movie director (no, not Tod...
 This movie could have been a lot better than i...
 I'm surprised that no one yet has mentioned th...
 There is a DVD published in the UK in 2002 Cod...
 Don't watch this film while, or soon after, ea...
 This cheapo exploitation flick is some genuine...
 Walt Disney's 20th animated feature was the la...
 I first saw this movie at a video store and, b...
 I loved it, it was really gruesome and disgust...
 Citizen Kane....The Godfather Part II....D'Urv...
 OK. On the whole, this three part documentary ...
 Another Woo's masterpiece!<br /><br />This is ...
 I love this show as it action packed with adve...
 I saw the movie before I read the Michelle Mag...
 Some unsuspecting films carry a message that r...
 ROAD TO PERDITION can be summed up by Thomas N...
 The most important thing about this movie is t...
 I buy or at least watch every Seagall movie. H...
 Absolutely stunning, warmth for the head and t...
 I recently saw this film at a 3-D film festiva...
 Michael Stearns plays Mike, a sexually frustra...
 I saw this film as a kid about 30 years ago, a...
 Feels like an impressionistic film; if there i...
 Oh, how I laughed during those first couple of...
 Lackawanna Blues is a drama through and throug...
 San Francisco is a big city with great acting ...
 No Holds Barred is that movie that when you we...
 This movie stinks majorly. The only reason I g...
 This is probably one of the best Portuguese mo...
 Considering the big name cast and lavish produ...
 Hated it with all my being. Worst movie ever. ...
 There are two kinds of 1950s musicals. First y...
 This show is wonderful. It has some of the bes...
 Okay people, I have to agree with almost every...
 If Alien, Jurassic Park and countless other sc...
 I'd like to think myself as a fairly open mind...
 If you want to watch a movie and feel good abo...
 This is one particular Stooge short that actua...
 I can name only a few movies that I have seen ...
 when i first read about "berlin am meer" i did...
 I got this thing off the sci-fi shelf because ...
 waste of my life, .... the director should be ...
 A good x evil film with tastes of "James Bond"...
 There is a scene in this film at about the 42 ...
 A powerful "real-tv" movie. Very subversive an...
 This type of plot really does have a lot of po...
 At the end of my review of Cache, I wrote that...
 This series had potential, but I suppose the b...
 Independent film that would make Hollywood pro...
 Most of you out there really disliked this mov...
 Despite all the hoopla about THE TROUBLE WITH ...
 I will divide my review into following 5 categ...
 After seeing this film I felt sick to my stoma...
 This was one of my favorites as a child. My fa...
 I have to confess that I know some of those in...
 I purchased a DVD of this film for a dollar at...
 Excellent. Gritty and true portrayal of pionee...
 I was taken to this film by a friend and was s...
 "Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey" is on...
 To review this movie, I without any doubt woul...
 Oy vey... Jurrasic Park got Corman-ized. As us...
 This film revolves around an Arabian leader (A...
 In his first go as a Hollywood director, Henry...
 After perusing the large amount of comments on...
 One of the few comedic Twilight Zones that's a...
 I was expecting a very funny movie. Instead, I...
 This movie is incredibly realistic and I feel ...
 'What I Like About You' is definitely a show t...
 I am not an artistically inclined individual. ...
 -SPOILES- Lame south of the border adventure m...
 The turning point in "The Matador" comes about...
 Those who only remember the late Sir Peter Ust...
 Absolutely wonderful drama and Ros is top notc...
 The influence of Hal Hartley in Adrienne Shell...
 When in 1982, "The Thing" came out to theaters...
 Here's one you can watch with a straight face,...
 If you liked Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barre...
 don't expect much from this film. In many ways...
 PROM NIGHT (2008)<br /><br />directed by: Nels...
 The is one of the worst spoofs I have ever see...
 A convict serving time comes forward to give t...
 Ayone who whines about how this movie was crap...
 Sex,Drugs,Rock & Roll is without a doubt the w...
 36. THE HOSPITAL (comedy, 1971) A series of em...
 Our story: Two U.S. Navy deep sea divers searc...
 Definitely a movie for people who ask only to ...
 About your terrible movie copying Beethoven. A...
 Samuel Fuller is hardly one of America's great...
 I have to hold Barney drilling my head every d...
 Last weekend I bought this 'zombie movie' from...
 I often feel like Scrooge, slamming movies tha...
 Recap: Full moon. A creature, a huge werewolf,...
 I first heard about The Melancholy of Haruhi S...
 Well I've enjoy this movie, even though someti...
 When I first read Armistead Maupins story I wa...
 I waited until the 4th of July to write this b...
 This is a tongue in cheek movie from the very ...
 Robert Wagner is the evil boss of Digicron, a ...
 hello, looking for a movie for the family to w...
 An amazing piece of film that was well-conceiv...
 Damien O'Donnell has a good track record and i...
 Really, truly, abysmally, garishly, awful. But...
 As you can see, I loved the book so much I use...
 Is there anything that happens in this movie t...
 I was shocked and surprised by the negative re...
 I found this movie to be extremely delightful....
 Quirky, independent, theatrical, Christian Sla...
 Zoey 101 is basically about a girl named Zoey ...
 This movie is terrible, it was so difficult to...
 The only thing serious about this movie is the...
 2005 was one of the best year for movies. We h...
 According to John Ford's lyrically shot, ficti...
 Where to start... If this movie had been a dar...
 Oh dear god. This was horrible. There is bad, ...
 Yes, bad acting isn't only one thing to mentio...
 I don't think that many films (especially come...
 One has to wonder if at any point in the produ...
 This time around, Blackadder is no longer roya...
 An awful B movie at best with video quality si...
 Now this is what I'd call a good horror. With ...
 This is a voice of a person, who just finished...
 This review is dedicated to the late Keith Moo...
 This film has some pretty gorey parts like a b...
 From the first scene, I was really excited. "I...
 What if a platoon of G.I.'s from the Japanese ...
 Manipulative drama about a glamorous model (Ma...
 This all-but-ignored masterpiece is about the ...
 I thought the movie was a poor documentary. No...
 This movie is yet another in the long line of ...
 Don't bother trying to watch this terrible min...
 There is a bit of a spoiler below, which could...
 The film had many fundamental values of family...
 An ear-splitting movie, a quasi-old-fashioned ...
 A Murder investigation goes on back stage whil...
 Daft potboilers don't come much dafter than th...
 If you don't mind having your emotions toyed w...
 What is this!! its so bad. The animation looks...
 Redundant, but again the case. If you enjoy th...
 For only doing a few movies with his life the ...
 Tashan - the title itself explains the nature ...
 I was so happy to learn that Hari Om will fina...
 I still can't believe that Wes Craven was resp...
 I had my doubts about another love story where...
 I've been a Jennifer Connelly fan since Phenom...
 Warning: Does contain spoilers.<br /><br />Ope...
 I saw this film yesterday.. I rented the DVD f...
 I would reccomend this film to everyone. Not o...
 Recognizing the picture of the diner on the co...
 One hour, eight minutes and twelve seconds int...
 Caddyshack II is NOTHING compared to the origi...
 The youthful group in "St. Elmo's Fire" who ju...
 The plot of The Thinner is decidedly thin. And...
 American Pie has gone a long distance from the...
 The best movie about friendship! Especially be...
 Revolt of the Zombies has no redeeming feature...
 Hilariously inept - like "She Wore A Yellow Ri...
 Oh man. If you want to give your internal Crow...
 This is an excellent, suspenseful, murder-myst...
 Brides are dying at the altar, and their corps...
 On first watching this film it is hard to know...
 The comments already left for this show are wa...
 Wow,this is in my opinion the best sitcom sinc...
 "Ah Ritchie's made another gangster film with ...
 <br /><br />I saw The Glacier Fox in the theat...
 Would you be surprised if I told you this movi...
 This film was absolutely...ugh i can't find th...
 French Cinema sucks! Down with all these psych...
 In the 2nd of his Historical Martial Arts film...
 Sure, we all like bad movies at one time or an...
 A comedy that worked surprisingly well was the...
 This movie is one of the most provocative Jesu...
 This is one of the most ridiculous westerns th...
 This kind of "inspirational" saccharine is eno...
 True Love, I truly enjoyed and LOVED this movi...
 I had watched snippets from this as a kid but,...
 I play final fantasy 7, and this movie is EXCE...
 If you are under 13 or above 13 and pretty int...
 No wonder Pamela Springsteen gave up acting to...
 This has to be, by far, the absolute worst mov...
 'Had Ned Kelly been born later he probably wou...
 "Feast of All Saints?" Where...? When...?<br /...
 I now that these days, some people wan't see a...
 Okay. I really tried to tap into the (so calle...
 Australian Fred Schepisi (A Cry in the Dark) d...
 This one is a great one! Robert De Niro and Cu...
 I don't really consider myself a conservative,...
 This is really good. Original ideas in the fil...
 Rajkumar Santoshi Without Any Doubt Has Direct...
 A poetic examination of the human condition pe...
 It's true that you always remember what you we...
 Oh, my. Oh, this is a *really* bad movie. The ...
 I was in my mid teens when I saw this movie, a...
 When Braveheart first came out, I was enthrall...
 The French either make pro-Marxist films or an...
 A gem of a British caper-comedy. Poor American...
 How this has not become a cult film I do not k...
 Skullduggery is a strange, strange film based ...
 Why is it that in the '50s and '60s, Italians ...
 One of the most magnificent movies ever made. ...
 I just caught "Wild Rebels" on one of the "Mys...
 Spoilers: This movie has it's problems, but in...
 Thirty per cent of this movie appears to be th...
 The Dereks did seem to struggle to find rolls ...
 Uncompromising look at a suburb in 21st centur...
 This is not a GREAT movie as tho the cast (esp...
 I really hated this movie and it's the first m...
 This is indeed the film that popularized kung ...
 This game is the bomb and this is the 007 game...
 The unflappable William Powell. He is a joy to...
 What we have here is a downright brilliant pie...
 This is one of my favourite films, dating back...
 I have a feeling that the Warners Bros Depress...
 This is a novelty in Danish film. The mood is ...
 First of all this is one of the worst soft-cor...
 Beforehand Notification: I'm sure someone is g...
 It's the worst movie I've ever seen. The actio...
 Excellent writing and wild cast. The tech is p...
 Contains Major Spoilers, on the off chance you...
 Another Indian legend you never heard of befor...
 When I really began to be interested in movies...
 The movie follows the events of the novel "Cel...
 If it weren't for the editing out of curse wor...
 I have seen The Running Man several times as I...
 A stuttering plot, uninteresting characters an...
 Yes, this movie is a real thief. It stole some...
 Whilst this is most definitely a well crafted ...
 <br /><br />I have to admit to enjoying bad mo...
 During World War II, two Byelorussian (Soviet ...
 1904. The North African nation of Morocco is h...
 Gilmore Girls is a hilarious show with never e...
 A found tape about 3? guys having fun torturin...
 The Biggest one that bugs the hell out of me i...
 Where to start?? I think only three other film...
 Nothing about this movie stands out as either ...
 Quite unimpressive. The 'twists' are all prett...
 Bad actors, terrible script, totally unbelieva...
 I can't say I enjoyed this as much as "The Big...
 God, what an awful thing ! Oliver Stone probab...
 Stars: Hayden Pantierre.<br /><br />There have...
 First, let's get it out of the way. . . yeah, ...
 Like those who listened to radio reports about...
 This is one of those movies where I just want ...
 Wow, what a great cast! Julia Roberts, John Cu...
 Nice movie with a great soundtrack which spans...
 I'd waited for some years before this movie fi...
 This movie has one or two slightly interesting...
 I can honestly tell you that this movie is the...
 Well here comes another,well,romantic comedy.....
 With the advent of the IMDb, this overlooked m...
 [WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS]<br /><br />Writte...
 What a terrible movie! It represents perfectly...
 This film's kind of like Conan the Barabarian,...
 This may just be the most nostalgic journey ba...
 The film had it moments, but was disappointing...
 Even MST3K couldn't make this painful, long, a...
 Square really landed this one. They didn't try...
 Watching The Wagonmaster is not likely to resu...
 This was the most unrealistic movie I ever see...
 A very great movie.<br /><br />A big love stor...
 I saw this "movie" partly because of the sheer...
 As a Westerner watching another culture's view...
 My nose is bent slightly out of shape as I wri...
 This is an interesting movie. I think it's ver...
 I could not watch more than 10 minutes of this...
 Okay,I had watched this movie when I was very ...
 I hadn't planned on seeing this movie, however...
 Yeah, that about sums it up. This movie was ho...
 Infamous horror films seldom measure up the hy...
 Although at first glance this movie looks like...
 There are not many films which I would describ...
 Soul Calibur has always been my favorite fight...
 Yes, I know that this movie is meant as a come...
 The original animated Dark Knight returns in t...
 If you asked me to pick the best acted movies ...
 Let me say at the outset that I'm not a very a...
 Wonderful film that mixes documentary and fict...
 It has been some years since I saw this, but r...
 Not really a big box office draw, but I was pl...
 This is another Sci-Fi channel original movie ...
 And that goes especially for lawyers & cops. P...
 In a lot of ways this film defines the essence...
 Children love dinosaurs. It's somewhat part of...
 Last week I watched a Royal Shakespeare Compan...
 I just love this film it totally rocks! Nicola...
 In the first transformation scene, what is the...
 I've seen this movie quite a few times and eac...
 Watching this I mainly noticed the ad placemen...
 I'm not tired to say this is one of the best p...
 Elvira Mistress Of The Dark (1988): Cassandra ...
 After two long, long opening skits, one of whi...
 This movie had lots of great actors and actres...
 Give director Stanley Tong of Jackie Chan's Su...
 Alexandr "Sascha" Luzhin (John Turturro) is a ...
 I bought this film on DVD despite the "stale" ...
 This Film was one that I have waited to see fo...
 In retrospect, the 1970s was a golden era for ...
 The name (Frau) of the main character is the G...
 Ah, the classic genre of 80s sex comedies. Thi...
 It's unbelievable but the fourth is better tha...
 Yes, said title line does actually appear in t...
 The script was VERY weak w/o enough character ...
 Pathetic... worse than a bad made-for-TV movie...
 Franco proves, once again, that he is the prin...
 Peter Cushing and Donald Pleasance are legenda...
 Please don't waste your time. This movie rehas...
 I have seen already fantastic stories, but the...
 That's pretty ridiculous, I hope many people a...
 Despite a small handful of nicely executed sce...
 (This review is based on the English language ...
 Saw the move while in Paris in May 2006 ... I ...
 I saw this recently on a cable channel. The mo...
 LCDR Tom Dodge, despite having a reputation am...
 What an awful adaptation. The worst part was t...
 The movie with its single set, minimal cast, a...
 This movie suffers from the fact that for year...
 The premise sucked me in, but it was clear abo...
 There was some good build up of suspense throu...
 Super Troopers was an instant classic. Club Dr...
 Yes, this review may contain spoilers, but you...
 Ordinarily, Anthony Mann made westerns with 't...
 The movie's storyline is pat and quaint. Two w...
 The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance - what a laugh...
 I thoroughly enjoyed this film, which in many ...
 Man, I really wanted to like these shows. I am...
 On the way back from IMC6 (San Jose, Californi...
 i completely agree with jamrom4.. this was the...
 JESSICA: A GHOST STORY is as the name implies ...
 I found the documentary entitled Fast, Cheap, ...
 I got encouraged to watch this film because I'...
 Just two comments....SEVEN years apart? Hardly...
 This Filmfour funded Sci-Fi movie is most defi...
 Any one who has seen Mel Gibson's The Passion ...
 When I was young, I was a big fan of the Naked...
 within about 5 minutes in to the film the firs...
 I must say that I really had no idea that I wa...
 My mother worked with Dennis L. Raider for ele...
 If you thought that the original from 83 was b...
 Haunted Boat sells itself as 'The Fog' meets '...
 I rented this type of "soft core" before, but ...
 I watched this movie based on the comments of ...
 I must say: out of all modern korean martial a...
 This is a movie that plays to everyone's emoti...
 "Zu:The warriors from magic mountain" was and ...
 One of my favorite shows in the 80's. After th...
 I picked up this movie with the intention of g...
 After we counted the use of the f word, oh, ab...
 A real head scratcher of a film by Bill Rebane...
 this movie is not porn, it was not meant to be...
 Komodo vs. Cobra starts as 'One Planet' enviro...
 THIS REVIEW MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS! The Decline ...
 I don't have much to say about this movie. It ...
 Remember the wooden, undramatic literary adapt...
 Obviously, the comments above that fawn over t...
 best movie ever!!!!! this movie broke my ribs ...
 Oh, how we have a misfire here; a film so bad ...
 The original movie ( dated 19??)did not show a...
 "Hero and the Terror" is a fairly dull thrille...
 Fellowe's drama about a couple's marriage whic...
 An angry boy who has tragically lost his paren...
 There is absolutely NO reason to waste your ti...
 As far as cinematography goes, this film was p...
 My favourite police series of all time turns t...
 Ok, maybe Posse can't compare to other popular...
 I must say that I am fairly disappointed by th...
 I truly enjoyed this film. It's rare to find a...
 Lucio Fulci made a lot of great films througho...
 This could have been a good biopic, but what a...
 The White Warrior is definitely one of,if not ...
 If the makers of Atlantis had something to say...
 Bruce Almighty is the story of Bruce Nolan, an...
 This film was hard to get a hold of, and when ...
 I just watched this film this morning and I fo...
 with this film being directed by Roger Avery a...
 Funny. Sad. Charming. These are all words that...
 Justin goes home to live with his strict, hard...
 The above line sums it up pretty good. The bes...
 I would label this show as horrendous if it we...
 Robert Mitchum stars as Clint Tollinger in thi...
 My favorite film this year. Great characters a...
 the film itself is absolutely brilliant, its t...
 I didn't expect much when I first saw the DVD ...
 this is more than a Sat. afternoon special. Ex...
 I have to say this is the worst movie that I h...
 This is the best of Shelley Duvall's high-qual...
 I am definitely a Burt Reynolds fan, but sorry...
 Let me say from the outset I'm not a particula...
 I have never read the Bradbury novel that this...
 This is a truly awful "B" movie. It is witless...
 I have to admit I am prejudiced about my vote ...
 This movie isn't even good enough for the $1 b...
 This is a spectacular production! I have seen ...
 I'm not going to bag this film for all the myr...
 This film was adapted from the well known sutr...
 Let me first state that I enjoy watching "bad"...
 Essentially a undistinguished B-movie that mys...
 When, oh when, will Hollyweird write a decent ...
 This movie was so incredibly boring, Michael J...
 This movie is so unreal. French movies like th...
 The Nest is really just another 'nature run am...
 Excellent endearing film with Peter Falk and P...
 Beware, My Lovely is an experimental studio fi...
 Marie Dressler carries this Depression-era dra...
 Cyclone is a piece of dreck with little redeem...
 "Cinderella" is one of the most beloved of all...
 **Might contain spoilers**<br /><br />Ok, lets...
 The premise of an African-American female Scro...
 It was evident until the final credits that th...
 I have very few to add to what all the other r...
 This is a very funny movie, easy to watch, tha...
 I'll give writer/director William Gove credit ...
 I'll give this movie two stars because it teem...
 "Laugh, Clown Laugh" released in 1928, stars t...
 I'm sorry guys, all who thought this film coul...
 Musically speaking Irving Berlin gave Fred Ast...
 I can never fathom why people take time to rev...
 I'm always surprised about how many times you'...
 Christian Propaganda...Lots of fear mongering....
 This DVD is missing its calling as a Heineken ...
 This incredibly formulaic flick from the "Walk...
 Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), an exchange stu...
 This movie is pure guano. Mom always said if y...
 A group of young filmmakers with virtually no ...
 The title of my summary pretty much covers my ...
 I have never seen a comedy that was this much ...
 This is a great "small" film. I say "small" be...
 A very sensitive topic--15 y/o girl abandoned ...
 I'm glad some people liked this, but I hated t...
 What fun! Bucketfuls of good humor, terrific c...
 The Palestinian situation is fertile and as-ye...
 This film stands head and shoulders above the ...
 In many ways, the filmic career of independent...
 The distribution was good, the subject could h...
 This movie starts out hilarious from about the...
 "This story is dedicated to women," according ...
 At the beginning of the film, you might double...
 This is the follow-up creation to Better Off D...
 If this film had a budget of 20 million I'd ju...
 If you want to see a movie about two utterly u...
 Good, boring or bad? It's good. Worth your mon...
 The movie seemed a little slow at first. But i...
 My rating refers to the first 4 Seasons of Sta...
 This movie should have never been made.<br /><...
 Every kid has that movie that he pops into VHS...
 Idea is great, spoiled big time by the judges....
 Although i don't like cricket at all and i hav...
 Late night on BBC1, was on my way to bed but c...
 Hi, I'm a friend of werewolf movies, and when ...
 I had noticed this movie had been on Cinemax a...
 Tenchu aka. Hitokiri- directed by Hideo Gosha ...
 Wow, did this episode start on a STOOOOOPID pr...
 This pile of sh!t is tied in my book as the wo...
 All the kids aged from 14-16 want to see this ...
 Claire Denis's movies seem to fall into one of...
 This film was on last week and although at tha...
 I agree with the other comments. I saw this mo...
 I have had the opportunity to catch this indep...
 Still the definitive program about the Second ...
 I have seen 'The Sea Within' today and I loved...
 As someone who has read the book, I can say th...
 I'm not a huge fan of Lucio Fulci's films. Mos...
 This film without doubt is one of the worst I ...
 Unlike another user who said this movie sucked...
 If you speak French or can put up with sub-tit...
 This is the first porn I've ever tried to revi...
 I have seen many many movies and this just tot...
 This film stands as one of the most amazing ex...
 A small town is attacked by a horde of bloodth...
 I can understand after watching this again for...
 Sadly it was misguided. This movie stunk from ...
 If you have beloved actors, Peter Falk, Rip To...
 I just can't understand the negative comments ...
 ROCK STAR / (2001) *** (out of four)<br /><br ...
 I just found out before writing this review th...
 Yes, it feels, and for the most part plays lik...
 I think this show is screamingly funny! It's n...
 Okay, so there is a front view of a Checker ta...
 The original Female Convict Scorpion is an all...
 1 thing. this movie sucks BIG TIME..i was into...
 Everything is idyllic in Suburbia when the lit...
 Neil Simon's THE ODD COUPLE set up a model for...
 This astonishing waste of production money is ...
 This film is self indulgent rubbish. Watch thi...
 A plot that is dumb beyond belief. However, th...
 Excellent movie in many aspects. Vicente Arand...
 As a premise, this backwoods version of the De...
 Mickey Rourke ( who was once a famous movie st...
 In the literal sense....<br /><br />Reminds yo...
 1. Aliens resemble plush toys and hand puppets...
 I would give this movie high marks for the cin...
 One of the worst movie I have seen in 2009 so ...
 i had no idea what this movies was about, it j...
 The folks at Aardman have done a cool, cute an...
 Another weak third-season entry, 'Is There In ...
 This movie is trash-poor. It has horrible tast...
 This movie "Vampires: The Turning" isn't even ...
 A new guard in in the armored truck gig is rec...
 For a really wonderful movie, you could also t...
 I saw the movie last night here at home, but I...
 DOes anyone know where or how i can get a copy...
 This show was not only great human drama but p...
 A young couple -- father Ben (solid Charles Ba...
 Absolutely nothing is redeeming about this tot...
 If you're a T-Rex/Marc Bolan fan, I recommend ...
 I was at the same screenwriters conference and...
 From the very opening scene you will notice ju...
 "The Chipmunk Adventure" is one of the greates...
 If you can watch a Bond film from 1983 that is...
 While in the barn of Kent Farm with Shelby wai...
 This was allocated to the fans as the "winner ...
 This movie offers NOTHING to anyone. It doesn'...
 Che: Part One was a fascinating experiment, wh...
 As much as I dislike saying 'me too' in respon...
 Before seeing this, I was merely expecting ano...
 Wonderful romance comedy drama about an Italia...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** Released in 1956...
 An interesting movie with Jordana Brewster as ...
 [I saw this movie once late on a public tv sta...
 Duck_of_Death needs to watch this film again, ...
 I don't remember this film getting a cinema re...
 <br /><br />However, the ladies of all ages wi...
 This movie is not very good.In fact, it is the...
 This was the worst movie I've ever seen, yet i...
 A very hyped-up, slick, edgy reinterpretation....
 I had heard interesting critics on this movie....
 I bought this video on a throw-out table at th...
 First of all, nothing will ever compare to the...
 I don't hand out ten star ratings easily. A mo...
 Seriously, I don´t really get why people here ...
 It's been a while since I've watched this movi...
 I had never heard of this movie, but I like He...
 Teamo Supremo are three kids, consisting of th...
 I cannot believe how popular this show is. I c...
 After 10 viewings in 20 years I too think this...
 If like me, you enjoyed the first film "Bruce ...
 This movie is painfully slow and has no plot. ...
 My siblings and I stumbled upon The Champions ...
 As a flying and war movie buff, this ranks at ...
 The only part lacking in this movie is Shue's ...
 This is an excellent little film about the lon...
 Scratch is a documentary about DJs and their a...
 The dreams of Karim Hussain are to be feared. ...
 Fearful Symmetry is a pleasant episode with a ...
 This is without a doubt one of the worst movie...
 I am a glutton for B-movies. I love the old Dr...
 Eddie Murphy Delirious is undoubtedly the funn...
 This is a really funny (and sexy) movie - that...
 I very much looked forward to this movie. Its ...
 Now more than ever we need Peace & Love in thi...
 If you enjoy Cleese & all the British 'Pythone...
 This story had a good plot to it about four el...
 This ingenious and innovate comedy packs many ...
 I saw Anatomy when it came out and recently bo...
 this could have been better,but it was alright...
 Based on the true story of two young Americans...
 Watching CBS's "Surrender, Dorothy", I kept wo...
 Dennis Quaid is tryin' hard to prove us that J...
 I saw The Merchant of Venice in London last we...
 Really!Here the French cinema hits rock bottom...
 "Intensive Care" by Dorna von Rouveroy is easi...
 One of the best 'guy' movies I've ever seen ha...
 This is film that was actually recommended to ...
 The small California town of Diablo is plagued...
 Southern Cross, written and directed by James ...
 Besides the fact that my list of favorite movi...
 What can be said about such a pathetic movie ?...
 Before I start my review here is a quick lesso...
 I know, I know, "Plan 9 from Outer Space" is t...
 When Jim Wynorski first announced he would be ...
 Too bad a couple of comments before me don't k...
 I tuned into this thing one night on a cable c...
 The movie opens upon Julian Sands, lying on hi...
 About twenty minutes into this movie, I was al...
 `Manna From Heaven' is a delightfully compelli...
 If I'd only seen the poster for Nurse Betty, I...
 This flick was even better then 'Waiting for G...
 I stopped short of giving "Mr. Blandings Build...
 This self proclaimed "very talented artist" ha...
 This production was made in the middle 1980s, ...
 Without a doubt, the best Burt Reynolds film e...
 Plot = Melissa is a new girl in town, she's fi...
 This film is a very funny film. The violence i...
 The first time I saw this movie, it didn't see...
 This barely watchable film was a bit of an ord...
 A wasted effort. On the surface it's a typical...
 First of all, we know that Bruce Willis is a g...
 The basic plot of 'Marigold' boasts of a roman...
 Pet Sematary , though a nice 80's Horror movie...
 Sharp, well-made documentary focusing on Mardi...
 As an avid Gone With the Wind fan, I was disap...
 Just like last years event WWE New Years Revol...
 I was just looking at the 100 bottom movies ac...
 Attractive husband and wife writing team Rober...
 This film is mildly entertaining if one neglec...
 Raymond Burr stars as an attorney caught up in...
 Purchased this film for one dollar and figured...
 The story in this movie is fairly implausible ...
 I saw this with few expectations and absolutel...
 Note, I only saw approximately the last half o...
 What can possibly said about this movie other ...
 This one isn't even lively enough to be fun. S...
 Gary Busey is superb in this musical biography...
 Jean Dujardin gets Connery's mannerisms down p...
 First, I would like to apologize for my rating...
 - A newlywed couple move into the home of the ...
 I have seen so many bad reviews on Supervivien...
 This film is really bad. It maybe harsh, but i...
 Looking backwards to that year 2002 when "Furi...
 One of the worst movies ever made... If you ca...
 Feeling Minnesota, directed by Steven Baigelma...
 THE CELL (2000) Rating: 8/10<br /><br />The Ce...
 This movie, despite its list of B, C, and D li...
 I loved this movie! It was all I could do not ...
 This was the worst movie I have ever seen Bill...
 Stranded in Space (1972) MST3K version - a ver...
 - After their sons are sentenced to life in pr...
 I love playing football and I thought this mov...
 This Showtime cable film features a talented c...
 This is a film i decided to go and see because...
 I happened to catch this supposed "horror" fli...
 This movie is my all time favorite!!! You real...
 waste of 1h45 this nasty little film is one to...
 I simply can't get over how brilliant the pair...
 Stuck in a hotel in Kuwait, I happily switched...
 Warning: This could spoil your movie. Watch it...
 Some of the background details of this story a...
 This is a pleasant film, even if the premise i...
 Quite what the producers of this appalling ada...
 There must have been some interesting conversa...
 I got stuck in traffic (I live in Sicily) on t...
 I've been trying to find out about this series...
 I don't know if this type of movie was as clic...
 I went to see this film out of curiosity, and ...
 Forest of the Damned starts out as five young ...
 I saw this DVD on sale and bought it without a...
 I don't know much about Tobe Hooper, or why he...
 Watching John Cassavetes film, Opening Night, ...
 A teen-aged girl gets the horse of her dreams ...
 I liked the understated character that Laura L...
 This film is probably the worst movie I have w...
 This is the kind of film one watches in gape-j...
 Sorry I couldn't disagree more ,with the last ...
 Next to the slasher films of the 1970s and 80s...
 This is the first Guinea Pig film from Japan a...
 Although there is melodrama at the center or r...
 "True" story of a late monster that appears wh...
 Even if you could get past the idea that these...
 I first saw this film over 25 years ago on Bri...
 I saw the MST3K version of "Deathstalker III" ...
 I have a question for the writers and producer...
 Ich will danke Herr Hacke für den Filme. Mein ...
 I saw this movie again as an assignment for my...
 Near the beginning, after it's been establishe...
 This is, without a doubt, one of my favorite C...
 Another wonderful Patterson book made into an ...
 I like Wes Studi & especially Adam Beach, but ...
 Olivier Assayas' film stars Asia Argento as a ...
 Is there a movement more intolerant and more j...
 Leland follows the story of Leland P. Fitzgera...
 then the second half of this movie is hard to ...
 VHS - I have watched this over and over and LO...
 This awful effort just goes to show what happe...
 I have always loved The Muppets. Though most c...
 Stan Laurel regarded PUTTING PANTS ON PHILIP a...
 Well - when the cameo appearance of Jason Mill...
 I'm not great at writing reviews, so I'll just...
 OK, anyone who could honestly say that this mo...
 Man, this movie sucked big time! I didn't even...
 I loved Long Way Round and wasn't even aware o...
 It couldn't.<br /><br />From the cutting dialo...
 On the heels of the well received and beloved ...
 Wow. The only people reviewing this positively...
 Van damme has done some great films over the y...
 I've been looking forward to seeing this film ...
 A River Runs Through It is based on the true s...
 4 out of 10.<br /><br />This film was neither ...
 What a shame that a really competent director ...
 But I doubt many were running to see this movi...
 This show was Fabulous. It was intricate and w...
 I heard tell that Madonna was briefly consider...
 The plot was very thin, although the idea of n...
 Many times the description "full of sound and ...
 Having watched all of the Star Trek TV series ...
 Although I'm a girl, thankfully I have a sense...
 I remember watching this film a while ago and ...
 To be honest, I did never read one of the comi...
 I dug this out and watched it tonight. I hones...
 This movie is a piece of the time in which it ...
 this film has its good points: hot chicks peop...
 I think it's two years ago since I have seen t...
 Pierce Brosnan has sipped his last Martini and...
 This is probably the only female Ninja movie e...
 I loved October Sky. The thing I loved most ha...
 I first saw this one when it was first shown, ...
 Latter Days is a very, VERY independent movie....
 I first saw this mini-series as a child and th...
 This is not an all-around terrible comedy, but...
 1st watched 6/21/2001 - 2 out of 10(Dir-Emmanu...
 Spirit and Chaos is an artistic biopic of Miya...
 Wow...<br /><br />Reading through these commen...
 River Queen attempts to pack a complicated, sw...
 most of the bad reviews on this website blame ...
 This was a great anime. True the animation is ...
 This movie deals with the European ERASMUS exc...
 This movie is nothing short of a dark, gritty ...
 Movie about two Australian girls--Debbie (Nell...
 As a French, i found it very pleasant to be ab...
 This is a fine musical with a timeless score b...
 As kids movie it is great. For the family it j...
 Okay. Here's the thing. I've read through the ...
 Well I don't know much about anything, but I s...
 If you like bad movies (and you must to watch ...
 After watching this movie, I couldn't help but...
 I'd even say some shades of Hitchcock...this i...
 Well,I am a dancer so automatically I liked th...
 I don't often give one star reviews, but the c...
 I had mixed feelings for "Les Valseuses" (1974...
 If you are a fan of Zorro, Indiana Jones, or a...
 I purchased this movie at a car boot sale, so ...
 A woman who hates cats (Alice Krige) and her s...
 BBC's 3 hour adaptation of the novel by Sarah ...
 In order to stop her homosexual friend Albert ...
 I find it heart-warming and inspiring that the...
 In the wasteland that Hollywood Productions ha...
 I have done a lot of international travel, bot...
 Paul Reiser did a spectacular job in writing t...
 Wow. this movie is the voice of a climbing gen...
 Once a wise man from India once said, "First t...
 I was very surprised to see that this movie ha...
 This is a great off-the-wall romantic comedy a...
 For people like me who were born long after th...
 I can tell you just how bad this movie is. I w...
 Basically, the movie might be one of the most ...
 I saw this film last night at a "pre-Code" fil...
 This is an amazing movie from 1936. Although t...
 I started to watch this show by accident, but ...
 Mel Torme and Victor Borge, in their younger y...
 This film for me and my wife is more entertain...
 The only reason I am commenting is because I f...
 William Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice i...
 - Bad Stuff: This movie is real crap. Bad stun...
 I would not have known about this film if not ...
 WHITE CHICKS Hold on, why couldn't they have d...
 For comedy to work, there are many factors inv...
 Seeing as the world snooker championship final...
 Even longtime Shirley fans may be surprised by...
 I, too, found "Oppenheimer" to be a brilliant ...
 This film is stunningly beautiful. Goldsworthy...
 Anthony Quinn is a master at capturing our hea...
 This is the second film I've seen of Ida Lupin...
 It seems like more consideration has gone into...
 A gritty look at New York City and dock worker...
 *review may contain spoilers*<br /><br />predi...
 I saw this movie tonight in a preview showing ...
 The Bone Snatcher is about a group miners who ...
 I saw it tonight and fell asleep in the movie....
 While credited as a Tom and Jerry cartoon, thi...
 Snow White is in my opinion a bad movie on an ...
 <br /><br />What is left of Planet Earth is po...
 Hayao Miyazaki's magic continues with this abs...
 Michael Dudikoff stars as Joe Armstrong a mart...
 Masayuki Suo, who directed this fine film, is ...
 The synopsis of this movie led me to believe t...
 I saw this film without knowing much about it ...
 I don't usually write a comment when there are...
 This movie had the potential to be really good...
 Barbra Streisand's first television special wa...
 The promotions for "Clubbed" project a slick l...
 I can't get this flick off my brain. It's defi...
 I am surprised at IMDb's low rating of this mo...
 A humorous voyage into the normally somber fun...
 Man's Castle is set in one of those jerry buil...
 Janeane Garofalo has been very public in her d...
 This film really deserves more recognition tha...
 While there aren't any talking animals, big la...
 I don't know what that other guy was thinking....
 I am so excited that Greek is back! This seaso...
 I'm from Belgium and therefore my English writ...
 If you watched this film for the nudity (as I ...
 McConaughey in a horror/thriller? I had to see...
 There are several things wrong with this movie...
 I liked this a lot. <br /><br />The camera ang...
 It was a decent movie, I actually kind of enjo...
 This is a great horror film for people who don...
 i was looking forward to this, and to be hones...
 When I rented this movie I thought I was going...
 What about Scream Baby Scream is supposed to m...
 I recently viewed a copy of this (under the ti...
 The photography is accomplished, the acting is...
 Living in Edinburgh, and have a great thirst f...
 ONE DARK NIGHT is a highly overlooked and litt...
 After a quasi-Gothic, all-fruity music video, ...
 If you love drive-in cheeze from the early '70...
 This movie is about a very delicate argument a...
 This movie was made by Daiei Studios, known fo...
 <br /><br />Fourteen of the funniest minutes o...
 "A wrong-doer is often a man that has left som...
 First off; I'm a dedicated fan of Modesty's, a...
 This has to be the funniest stand up comedy I ...
 Peter Lorre turns in one of his finest perform...
 My cable TV has what's called the Arts channel...
 I have copy of this on VHS, I think they (The ...
 I was actually fairly surprised to find out a ...
 I am a fan of bad horror films of the 1950s an...
 I absolutely love this movie! Evil Dead has NO...
 Vincent Cassel plays the part of Paul, an ex-c...
 This film is one of the best shorts I've ever ...
 I watched this movie only because I didn't wan...
 I got about halfway through this movie and was...
 First of all, let me say the I am LDS or rathe...
 At least one kind. Very human and moving. Not ...
 "Indian burial ground": If those three words a...
 Well, since it's called Porno Holocaust and di...
 I'm sorry but I didn't like this doc very much...
 I finally caught up to "Starlight" last night ...
 Movie Title - Tart<br /><br />Date of review -...
 Another Day - this movie requires you to watch...
 This did for crime what "Not Another Teen Movi...
 I loved this movie. It is rare to get a glimps...
 Problems: 1) Although billed as "a loving trib...
 This movie starts slow, then tapers off. After...
 Man, what a scam this turned out to be! Not be...
 Cassavetes was clearly an intelligent, sensiti...
 This is a good plot concept, so why-o-why is i...
 One of the better movies to come out of the 19...
 If any movie stands out extremely with the act...
 Four great stories from master Robert Bloch, a...
 I voted this a 10 out of 10 simply because it ...
 I am the guy who usually keeps opinions to him...
 This movie has it all: it is a thriller, a cha...
 Surprisingly good "Mean Streets"-type crime dr...
 I saw this film at SXSW with the director in a...
 First, let me mention the fact that, in spite ...
 With the mixed reviews this got I wasn't expec...
 The only reason I rented this movie was that V...
 It's hard to put your finger on this one. Basi...
 Fabulous film! Rented the DVD recently and was...
 I had just watched one episode of this program...
 This movie has some good lines, but watching D...
 My kid makes better videos than this! I feel r...
 This very peculiar setting of Wagner's last op...
 Well how was I suppose to know this was "the" ...
 Discovering something, the journey is so much ...
 The first question is: how many talentless idi...
 When thinking of the revelation that the main ...
 Although it isn't mentioned very often, "Don't...
 This film doesn't have a very clear picture of...
 I only came here to check Terror Hospital for ...
 Raising victor Vargas is just a bad film. No a...
 This was one of my favorite series when I was ...
 **Warning! Mild Spoilers Ahead!**<br /><br />(...
 Currently, this film is listed on IMDb as the ...
 Sydney Lumet, although one of the oldest activ...
 In all honesty, this series is as much a class...
 My choice for greatest movie ever used to be L...
 At the time that this movie was made most hous...
 When viewing a movie as silly as 'Hot Rod,' on...
 I don't know what the makers of this film were...
 If my memory is correct, when this movie was r...
 The idea of making a film about the Beatles so...
 <br /><br />I first viewed this film shortly a...
 That is the answer. The question is: What is t...
 It should be against the law not to experience...
 I am always wary of taking too instant a disli...
 I had heard good things about this film and wa...
 From the opening dialog and scenes, I knew I k...
 This movie will tell you why Amitabh Bacchan i...
 The Twins Effect - Chinese Action/Comedy - (Ch...
 Terrible, boring zombie sequel is only margina...
 "Piece is Cake" is defeatist, revisionist hist...
 After having seen this show a few times; I am ...
 This movie is silly and very short of being a ...
 This show is absolutely fantastic. It provides...
 Okul"The School" is a result of a new trend in...
 Emma Thompson, Alan Rickman,Carla Gugino and G...
 I'm going to review the 2 films as a whole bec...
 In a variant of Sholay , Ram Gopal Verma ventu...
 This show is a show that is great for adults a...
 The penultimate episode of Star Trek's third s...
 Really don't care that no one on here likes th...
 I bought this film as I thought the cast was d...
 Screwball comedy about romantic mismatches in ...
 Who me? No, I'm not kidding. That's what it re...
 This was a fantastic movie about two people, o...
 Actually, this is a lie, Shrek 3-D was actuall...
 Busy Phillips put in one hell of a performance...
 Why can't there be better TV movies made I was...
 There is one adjective that describes everythi...
 My mother and I were on our way home from a tr...
 In New York, Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffm...
 If you need cheering up on a cold weekday even...
 I usually like these dumb/no brain activity mo...
 I like science-fiction movies and even, low-ra...
 My scalp still smarts from the burning coals h...
 The Second Renaissance, part 1 let's us show h...
 This was great. When I saw the Japanese versio...
 At the surface COOLEY HIGH is a snappy ensembl...
 "Thunderbolt" is probably Jackie Chan's worst ...
 Okay, there are a ton of reviews here, what ca...
 I shot this movie. I am very proud of the film...
 Jay Craven's criminally ignored film is a sobe...
 Being a bit of a connoisseur of garbage, I hav...
 As usual, Hollywood stereotyped EVERYONE in th...
 I recently watched Belle Epoque, thinking it m...
 In life, we first organize stones (Piedras in ...
 I put down this vehicle from Robert De Niro an...
 There are few films or movies I consider favor...
 1936 was the most prolific year for Astaire an...
 "Soylent Green" is one of the best and most di...
 ... but the trouble of this production is that...
 And this is a great rock'n'roll movie in itsel...
 After visiting the Kimbell museum in Forth-Wor...
 I hope the people who made this movies read th...
 Bela Lugosi gets to play one of his rare good ...
 A low budget may be an excuse for poor acting ...
 A very sweet movie about a young Chinese man e...
 There aren't many good things to say at all ab...
 "Tokyo Eyes" tells of a 17 year old Japanese g...
 It felt like I watched this movie thousand tim...
 I'm not sure what Diane Silver was thinking wh...
 This started out to be a movie about the stree...
 I just watched this film 15 minutes ago, and I...
 Clearly an hilarious movie.<br /><br />It ange...
 This 1953 Sam Fuller movie contains some of hi...
 I loved this movie, I saw it when I was about ...
 Originally filmed in 1999 as a TV pilot, "Mulh...
 This movie starts at A and never quite reaches...
 Looking for a REAL super bad movie? If you wan...
 Maybe not the most original way of telling a s...
 Although I have enjoyed Bing Crosby in other m...
 Necessarily ridiculous film version the litera...
 The goofy Griswalds win the T.V. game show "pi...
 I picked this up because, having spent time in...
 Some films manage to survive almost on origina...
 Gunga Din (1939) is based on Rudyard Kipling's...
 Whatever you do, don't stop watching when you ...
 After reading the other tepid reviews and comm...
 Annie Rooney lives with her officer father and...
 Another fantastic offering from the Monkey Isl...
 With title like this you know you get pretty m...
 Yes, 2:37 is in some ways a rip off from Gus v...
 Motivations of the characters was completely u...
 I'm a huge Steven Seagal fan. Hell, I probably...
 Much praise has been lavished upon Farscape, b...
 I once had a conversation with my parents who ...
 when i saw commercials for this i was thinking...
 I caught Evening in the cinema with a lady fri...
 I never really knew who Robert Wuhl was before...
 Only reason I have seen 101 Dalmatians was its...
 I loved this film. A must see for any Rod Stei...
 This movie is not in anyway funny, it tries to...
 Just Cause takes some of the best parts of thr...
 This movie is entertaining enough due to an ex...
 So i consider myself pretty big into the anime...
 I love Aaron carter but even i expected pop st...
 ...but I regret having seen it. Since the rati...
 Barbara Streisand directs and stars in this ve...
 This movie starts off on the wrong foot and ne...
 I heard this movie was badThey even warned me...
 If you enjoy suspense this movie has it. The f...
 Water Lilies is a well-made first film from Fr...
 If you liked Paddy Chayevsky's "Network" you'l...
 In relative terms having watched a lot of disg...
 This film has very tight and well planned dial...
 "A trio of treasure hunters is searching the W...
 (various spoilers follow)<br /><br />Gene Kell...
 Over the years some of them most enjoyable fil...
 In 1993, "the visitors" was an enormous hit in...
 Vonnegut's words are best experienced on paper...
 I watched this film sort of by accident, havin...
 I recently visited the Magic Kingdom as an adu...
 This HAS to be my guilty pleasure. I am a HUGE...
 I'm not usually given to hyperbole, but after ...
 Although this has to be the nadir of season si...
 I was fortunate to see a screening of this rem...
 This movie is proof you can't just go to a Red...
 Although normally my preference is not for rom...
 Silly movie is really, really funny. Yes, it's...
 One of my desires is to be a film-maker, and I...
 There is so much that is wrong with this film,...
 This movie deserved better It's great fun, has...
 The true story of Phoolan Devi who became a na...
 Turning Isherwood's somewhat dark and utterly ...
 I saw this film some years ago and promptly bo...
 Saw it yesterday night at the Midnight Slam of...
 This television show is stereotypical and far-...
 This movie is definitely one of the finest of ...
 I found this one to be more chaotic than the a...
 "Scarface" has a major cult following even now...
 So, this starts with at least an interesting a...
 while watching this movie I got sick. I have b...
 SPOILERS This is a gripping movie about grifte...
 Okay, I'll admit right up front that the Inki ...
 I am a new convert you might as well say. I bo...
 This movie is really nothing besides an admitt...
 If good intentions were enough to produce a go...
 I hadn't heard anything about this project unt...
 "Steve"(Chris Hoffman)gathers a group from hig...
 Truly a wonderful movie. Bruce Willis gives hi...
 Chucky's back...and it's about time! This time...
 Nightkill stars Robert Mitchum as a world-wear...
 Mute Witness is a modest, yet very solid thril...
 This Film was really eye-opening. I have seen ...
 It was a painful experience, the whole story i...
 WWE has produced some of the worst pay-per-vie...
 The time I wasted seeing this movie, I demand ...
 Like others, I have seen and studied most of t...
 "Fungicide" is quite possibly the most incompe...
 "Her Cardboard Lover" is Norma Shearer's last ...
 Uzumaki, which translates into "spirals", arri...
 Bog Creatures shows exactly what can happen wh...
 Having listened to and enjoyed Harvey Bernhard...
 Tim Taylor is an abusive acholoic drug addict....
 I have to admit that Holly was not on my watch...
 My one line summary should explain it all, but...
 Okay okay, I must admit, I do somewhat like Pe...
 I have always loved the ironic symbolism and b...
 I sat down to watch this movie with my friends...
 I don't think this movie was rated correctly. ...
 This film is really a big piece of trash tryin...
 I'm a Geena Davis fan for life because of this...
 A great 90's flick! Parker Posey is fabulous i...
 This fantasy was utter garbage. I thought Mich...
 Satan's Little Helper is one of the better B H...
 Cartoon-like special effects, horrible acting ...
 Much about this movie was beautiful. The actin...
 I will admit I didn't pay full attention to ev...
 From all the bad comments about this movie and...
 Eh. This is a popcorn movie, nothing more. I w...
 To say I was disappointed is an understatement...
 This picture for me scores very highly as it i...
 What I hoped for (or even expected) was the we...
 The turgid pace of this movie numbs us to any ...
 Not the best of the Lone Star series, but it m...
 I saw this movie with a friend who ran a marat...
 "The Love Letter" is a somewhat pleasant, very...
 My wife and I just finished watching Bûsu AKA ...
 May be spoilers so do not read if you do not w...
 it's a lovely movie ,it deeply reflects the Ch...
 IN COLD BLOOD has to be ranked as first-rate m...
 It's Die Hard meets Cliffhanger when a ski res...
 People like me will tear this movie apart. It'...
 I was totally surprised just how good this mov...
 The oddly-named Vera-Ellen was to movie dancin...
 Once I watched The Tenant and interpreted it a...
 Demi and Woody are married, but they're poor. ...
 The "Wrinkle in Time" book series is my favori...
 I've seen this film criticized with the statem...
 I must warn you, there are some spoilers in it...
 Not the best of the films to be watched nowada...
 I had intended to commemorate the 10th anniver...
 Actually, Goldie Hawn is from Washington (Tako...
 I was looking for a documentary of the same jo...
 For anyone with a moderate sensibility, a mode...
 I am stunned to discover the amount of fans th...
 "The Invisible Ray" is part science fiction an...
 The exclamation point in the title is appropri...
 Robert Carlyle excels again. The period was ca...
 This TV series is about a foolish and unconven...
 The movie was disappointing. The book was powe...
 So often these "Lifetime" flicks are one-dimen...
 Sometimes they get lucky and have a hit on the...
 Like most other people, I saw this movie on "M...
 David Lynch's ninth full length feature film, ...
 Power rangers, the moronic merchandising telev...
 I have to agree with the previous author's com...
 Okay, I'm just going to disagree with the past...
 I was so let down by this film. The tag line w...
 Deep Shock plays out like a TV movie: a whole ...
 An absurdly hilarious and strikingly human tal...
 Every once in a long while a movie will come a...
 *SPOILERS*<br /><br />I'm sure back when this ...
 It's a bit unnerving when a studio declines to...
 I admit I had no idea what to expect before vi...
 This is a really fun, breezy, light hearted ro...
 Awful, awful, awful times a hundred still does...
 Old bat transforms to younger OK looking girl ...
 The basis for this dynamic docudrama is the tr...
 A slick romanticizing of the sexual exploitati...
 Well, when before I saw this film I really was...
 I understand that Roger Corman loves to do thi...
 It's often said that Tobe Hooper just struck l...
 Unbelievably close to real life feelings and e...
 It may be a remake of the 1937 film by Capra, ...
 Fiction film (it lists as based on a story tho...
 "Crossfire" is ostensibly a murder mystery but...
 This movie was recommended to me by the same p...
 Jeff Lieberman's "Just Before Dawn" is definit...
 An uninspired and undistinguished "new" Columb...
 The mystery here is why this delightful, small...
 Right on Colmyster. I totally concur with all ...
 As to be expected, there's a pretty good reaso...
 From an artistic standpoint, the movie fails t...
 My mom took me to see this movie when it came ...
 For all those people who believe the dialog is...
 I love most Jet Li movies (with the exception ...
 Preminger's adaptation of G. B. Shaw's ''Saint...
 I was on my way out one morning when I was che...
 This is a great movie, all 3 were. The last on...
 I saw this tonight with moderate expectations ...
 I should have known when I looked at the box i...
 I don't mind sequels; sometimes they're better...
 I watched this movie with big expectations. Th...
 This "coming of age" film deals with the exper...
 We see Thomas Edison, with a glowing smile on ...
 This production is an insult to the Stooges, e...
 This is a really obnoxious show. It is in fact...
 Valley Girl is the definitive 1980's movie wit...
 Dr. K(David H Hickey)has been trying to master...
 Another great movie by Costa-Gavras. It's a gr...
 Though structured totally different from the b...
 Handsome and dashing British airline pilot Geo...
 This film breeches the fine line between satir...
 Mardi Gras: Made in China provides a wonderful...
 But I can't say how I really feel about this p...
 From the opening scene aboard a crowded train ...
 I have seen a couple movies on eating disorder...
 H.O.T.S. is not for those that want hardcore p...
 THAT'S certainly a strange way to promote a fi...
 Aaah...The Thing.<br /><br />To see a horror f...
 Spend your time any other way, even housework ...
 I'm assuming the filmmakers heart was in the r...
 I occasionally let my kids watch this garbage ...
 Gerard Phillipe is absolutely perfect in this ...
 This Worldwide was the cheap man's version of ...
 One of my all-time favorite so-laughably-lousy...
 After reading only two of the comments herein,...
 A very funny east-meets-west film influenced b...
 The defining scene to this movie is when the f...
 This may well be the worst remake Hollywood ha...
 With all due respect to Joel Fabiani and Rosem...
 I saw this 1997 movie because I am a fan of Lo...
 Alright! A sci-fi/horror/action B-hybrid direc...
 I thought I had seen this movie, twice in fact...
 I usually like zombie movies, but this one was...
 Why is it that when a star reaches the top of ...
 OK, before I get into this, let's go ahead and...
 Oh wow, the character shares my name first nam...
 You know you're in trouble when the film your ...
 I saw this on DVD with subtitles, which made i...
 Well, This was my first IMAX experience so I w...
 So when Bob and Marion Boxletter see a guy at ...
 When I first saw this show, I was 9, and it ca...
 This show, Paranormal State, has an almost "Bl...
 I actually didn't start watching the show unti...
 If another Hitler ever arises, it will be than...
 This movie has a look and feel of many "Fresh"...
 Kurosawa, fresh into color, losses sight of hi...
 The year 1983 saw a strange phenomenon; two ri...
 A Roger Corman rip-off assembled for what appe...
 "Opposing Force [1986]" wasn't as good as "Dr....
 Any person with fairly good knowledge of Germa...
 Horrible. I see many user comments on how grea...
 I don't think this movie is for everyone. But ...
 I was hooked in by the premise that the show w...
 Engaging characters, nice animation, dynamite ...
 Ted V. Mikels's film Corpse Grinders 2 is 103 ...
 A bad movie, but with one reel that is worth s...
 Well now, here's the thing - for this movie to...
 Oh yes! Hollywood does remember how to use the...
 Really touching story of a recruitment camp in...
 I first watched the Walking Tall movies when I...
 i would never have thought that it would be po...
 Let's face it, there is no perfect production ...
 I finally found a version of Persuasion that I...
 I always liked this movie, I have seen it so m...
 Beautiful coming of age romance about an Engli...
 The Comic Strip featured actors from 'The Youn...
 just below the surface lies what? a simply awf...
 Okay so there were the odd hole in the plot yo...
 The production value of AvP2 can be described ...
 Brief marital infidelity comes back to haunt l...
 It takes an eternity for this typically over-s...
 Having loved Stephen King's novels and short s...
 A wonderfully quirky film with enough twists f...
 Did they use their entire budget paying the po...
 Matthew McConaughey is a mysterious man waitin...
 I'm not going to criticize the movie. There is...
 A high school track star falls dead after winn...
 I love horses and admire hand drawn animation,...
 This movie of 370 minutes was aired by the Ita...
 In my analysis of "Trois couleurs: Blanc" I wr...
 This production, build on real danish crime st...
 Was excited at the opening to hear part of "Ch...
 What to say about a movie like Rock Star? A lo...
 I'm not a writer or an critic...I'M just a stu...
 This may very well be the worst movie I'll see...
 If this was the best dutch cinema had to offer...
 As a child I preferred the first Care Bear mov...
 Let's not kid ourselves, this atrocity is not ...
 The above seemed a much more appropriate title...
 This movie is god awful. Not one quality to th...
 A colleague from work told me to watch this mo...
 First of all, I think the casting and acting w...
 This movie has the most beautiful opening sequ...
 Well, where to begin? I guess I can start with...
 So I don't ruin it for you, I'll be very brief...
 I can only think of one reason this movie was ...
 Hellborn starts as a young psychiatric doctor ...
 It seems to me, as a recent film school gradua...
 Hard to imagine what they were thinking of whe...
 First of all, the actor they have to play Jesu...
 Artificial melodrama with a screenplay adapted...
 A good deal of running around. A badly conceiv...
 I must confess that I was completely shocked b...
 I waited for this movie to come out for a whil...
 To this day, Malcolm McLaren is telling anyone...
 I cannot believe it has been 25 yrs since I fi...
 The recent release of "Mad Dog Morgan" on Trom...
 Okay, it's too long and it's too satisfied wit...
 Unbelievable. "Philosophy". "Depth". "Genius"....
 Well, it's yet again a film that plays with yo...
 Erika Kohut is a woman with deep sexual proble...
 Charles Bronson has given the viewers lots of ...
 I'm so confused. I've been a huge Seagal fan f...
 I checked this movie out when it still had 6 v...
 Meatballs works its way into conversations, li...
 Back in the 1970s, WPIX ran "The Adventures of...
 Crackerjack is another classic Aussie film. As...
 Although this movie doesn't have the darkness ...
 This movie was horrible. If it had never been ...
 I have to be honest, I really had a good time ...
 I like Steve Buscemi. I like his work very muc...
 Assy McGee is a show that you really have to b...
 This is another enjoyable and entertaining Hit...
 What You Need In the run up to 'What You Need'...
 My observations: vamp outfit at end is ravishi...
 I can't tell you how angry I was after seing t...
 On paper this looks a good film . Michael Cain...
 I will freely admit that I haven't seen the or...
 Ugh! Another one of those "fooled by the cover...
 Oz is by far the best show ever to grace telev...
 We do not come across movies on brother-sister...
 Many other viewers are saying that this is not...
 Los Angeles, 1976. Indie film brat John Carpen...
 I love this show. I watch all the reruns every...
 Driving Lessons From the writer of the critica...
 Hi, Everyone, Oh, Boy... This one is a lulu. I...
 This is a wonderful film. The non-stop patter ...
 The Hanson brothers - Andy (apparently has his...
 I'm a fan of Zhang Yimou and finally found thi...
 Having seen this without knowing all the hoopl...
 This really should deserve a "O" rating, or ev...
 If you are an insomniac and you cant get anyth...
 This is a typical Sandra Bullock movie in whic...
 I happen to have bought one of those "Legacy o...
 I'm sorry but this is just awful. I have told ...
 When "Madame" decides to let her cats inherit ...
 This movie resonated with me on two levels. As...
 I love this movie!!! Purple Rain came out the ...
 I own a vacation lake home not far from Plainf...
 Why does this piece of film have so many ravin...
 1st watched 4/29/2007 - 4 out of 10(Dir-Mick G...
 Young Mr. Lincoln marks the first film of the ...
 Very silly movie, filled with stupid one liner...
 We watched this movie in my chemistry class, s...
 After having watched "Guinea Pig", two questio...
 A group of teens that have broken into a huge ...
 I remember watching this mini-series the first...
 From the offset, I knew this was going to be a...
 GOOD: Technomusic accompanying medieval swordp...
 I never thought an old cartoon would bring tea...
 This movie is just crap. Even though the direc...
 There was a time when Michael Jackson was reve...
 I thought it was comedy!! What a hoot! I can't...
 I seriously enjoy Dr Who.<br /><br />Seriously...
 I usually read reviews before I watch a movie....
 This film is a nightmare! The sensation you fe...
 This film is a hodge-podge of various idiotic ...
 I completely understand WHY this movie was mad...
 Potential viewers be warned, the current IMDb ...
 Black Scorpion is Roger Cormen's Batman. Which...
 I watched this film in a Singapore theatre yes...
 Diana Guzman is an angry young woman. Survivin...
 OK, first off there may be a SPOILER here sinc...
 In this sequel to the 1989 action-comedy class...
 The magnificent Greta Garbo is in top form in ...
 This is without doubt the worst movie i have e...
 Actually, the answer only occupies a tiny port...
 Quentin Tarantino once said that to succeed in...
 I saw this movie when I was a lot younger but ...
 I am sorry to rain on everybody's parade. Just...
 Homicide: The Movie proved to be a good wrap-u...
 This show is brilliantly hilarious! I started ...
 The worst movie i've ever seen. I still don't ...
 A total and absolute waste of time. Bad acting...
 In 'Hoot' Logan Lerman plays Roy Eberhardt, th...
 Growing up in the late 60s and 70s I could not...
 I was unsure of this movie before renting and ...
 Avoid this crap at all costs. Bad script, bad ...
 This is a extremely well-made film. The acting...
 Dewaana as a film goes through the usual clich...
 This was one of the worst movies I've ever see...
 This is definitely one of the most scary and s...
 This isn't cinema. It isn't talent. It isn't i...
 With a movie called "Gayniggers from Outer Spa...
 Having read the other comment about this super...
 The 80's is largely considered the decade in w...
 Bruce Willis, as usual, does an excellent job....
 I found this to be an utter waste of time, eff...
 I was all in awe of the film looking at the pr...
 I caught this on local Mexican television at 2...
 It's somewhat telling that most of the great r...
 Steve Martin should quit trying to do remakes ...
 Forget all those people who tell you it's not ...
 Manmohan Desai made some entertaining though i...
 This movie sucked sooo bad, I couldn't even wa...
 One would make you believe that this game is a...
 I saw this movie on television as SCREAMERS an...
 The fifth collaboration between Marlene Dietri...
 This is a great movie! Most of us have seen Ju...
 This movie captures the essence of growing up ...
 Play Mystery Theater 3000 at home with your fr...
 It's not a terrible movie, really, and Glenn a...
 "Ninja III" is not quite as bad as "Enter The ...
 A very silly movie, this starts with a soft po...
 A pity, nobody seems to know this little thril...
 Slither is a horror comedy that doesn't really...
 This was a great film in every sense of the wo...
 When I saw the Exterminators of year 3000 at f...
 This is a relatively watchable movie (+1). Aft...
 In order to describe what's seriously wrong wi...
 An evil land baron is holding up water to a gr...
 Okay, here is a really short review: this movi...
 For years I hesitated watching this movie. Now...
 At Beaverview Cheerleading Camp, the goody-goo...
 while mind of mencia could be summed up as not...
 Directed by Jim Wynorski (Chopping Mall, Retur...
 Well, I fear that my review of this special wo...
 This three stooges flick is at a tie with my o...
 A disturbing film, this, climaxing, as it does...
 This is an entertaining "history" of the FBI, ...
 Went to see this movie hoping to see some flas...
 Wow! After the first five minutes of watching ...
 When I started watching 3 of the episodes of t...
 When anyone comes into a film of this type of ...
 To be honest I watched this movie only because...
 Seriously! You've just got to see this movie t...
 Nothing could be more appealing than the idea ...
 OK, yes I know I'm a Philistine, and I have no...
 "Lies" tells about an affair between an 18 yea...
 Honestly, I was expecting to HATE this one, an...
 Directed by Brian De Palma and written by Oliv...
 The cinema of the 60s was as much as time of r...
 Although it has been off the air for 6 years n...
 Spooks is enjoyable trash, featuring some well...
 AG was an excellent presentation of drama, sus...
 "Pitch Black" was a complete shock to me when ...
 I've seen a lot of movies in my time and this ...
 This movie has everything going for it: Fully ...
 I've been studying Brazilian cinema since 2004...
 This was very good, except for two things whic...
 One wonders why this picture was made at all :...
 I saw this one at Sundance, and I can't figure...
 James Cameron's 'Titanic' is essentially a rom...
 one of the funnest mario's i've ever played. t...
 I started watching the show from the first sea...
 I have been searching for the right words to d...
 One of my favorite villains, the Evil Princess...
 I knew nothing about this film until I watched...
 Father and son communicate very little. IN fac...
 Bela Lugosi is a real enigma. In the early 193...
 Paul Reiser steps away from the standup comedy...
 1st watched 7/19/2003 - 1 out of 10(Dir-Brad S...
 I won't waste a whole lot of time of this one ...
 I think this movie deserves a 10 out of 10 bec...
 'Don't Look In the Basement' is so easy to kno...
 Vijay Krishna Acharya's 'Tashan' is a over-hyp...
 This review contains spoilers for those who ar...
 Probably encouraged by admirers of her much-be...
 Has anyone else noticed that this version is b...
 I saw this movie (unfortunately) because it wa...
 When I was young, I'd get up early every Satur...
 First off, the editing of this film consisted ...
 Watching Midnight Cowboy is like taking a mast...
 This film actually works from a fairly origina...
 This is not a film you can really analyse sepa...
 I watched it some years ago. I remembered it a...
 This movie was a monument to inept filmmaking ...
 I picked this film up at my local library. Hav...
 This movie was, as Homer Simpson would have pu...
 Oh my GOD. I bought this movie and...I...watch...
 How is bear´s paw, elephant´s trunk or monkey´...
 After seeing 'Break a Leg' in Vancouver at the...
 I'm sorry but I can't agree that this was a go...
 Apparently SHRUNKEN HEADS was the last movie t...
 First of all the movie, is an ingenious work o...
 Documentary starts in 1986 in NYC where black ...
 John Heder was absolutely horrendous in this m...
 A very strange and compelling movie. It's abou...
 The premise is interesting and the cast does t...
 When this play was first shown by the BBC over...
 This was only the second version of the classi...
 I just recently bought "The Big Trail" {1930}....
 I didn't expect a movie as good as "In The Lin...
 Most people, when they think of expressionist ...
 This is available on a "Drive In Double Featur...
 A bunch of American students and their tutor d...
 Christopher Guest is the master of the mockume...
 I must be honest, I like romantic comedies, bu...
 So many early British sound films that I've se...
 Geez! This is one of those movies that you thi...
 I watched this on Sky TV late one night, as I ...
 DON'T TORTURE A DUCKLING (Lucio Fulci - Italy ...
 It makes the actors in Hollyoaks look like the...
 A 'Wes Craven presents' movie from 1995, direc...
 The beginning was decent; the ending was alrig...
 Specks of white and various shapes, a beautifu...
 This horror movie, based on the novel of the s...
 Stanwyck at her villainous best, Robinson her ...
 "The Bat People" is a proud resident of the IM...
 The best Treasure Island ever made. They just ...
 Fair drama/love story movie that focuses on th...
 This movie rocked!!!! saw it at a screener a c...
 and anyone who watches this film will agree. T...
 It's like someone took a fantasy-type video ga...
 It seems that no matter how many films are mad...
 This is one of those strange, self-important, ...
 This was director von Stroheim's third effort ...
 Some movies seem to be made before we are read...
 And a perfect film to watch during the holiday...
 Everybody just seems to be raving about the su...
 TV churns out dozens of true-crime movies ever...
 Primal Species (1996, Dir. Jonathan Winfrey) <...
 Oh my God, I was so expecting something more e...
 As a low budget enterprise in which the filmma...
 This movie features an o.k. score and a not ba...
 Gordon Parks, the prolific black Life magazine...
 OK, it was a "risky" move to rent this flick, ...
 The movie uses motifs that could be plagiarize...
 Dear me... Peter Sellers was one of the most o...
 I am a huge Rupert Everett fan. I adore Kathy ...
 You know how sometimes you can watch a crappy ...
 Will some company PLEASE make a (good+) DVD of...
 Central Airport is the story of a pilot named ...
 Under no circumstances watch this film. It is ...
 Is this a good movie? No, certainly not. But f...
 Saw this movie on its release and have treasur...
 The fact that there are positive comments abou...
 I am still trying to determine whether the pre...
 I was impressed by the beautiful photography i...
 I found this film to be extremely homophobic.....
 Things to Come is that rarity of rarities, a f...
 This film isn't supposed to be funny, but it m...
 This movie is simply excellent. For some reaso...
 One of my favorite movies. I like horses, I li...
 I don't know anything of the writer's or the d...
 As a Michigander, I got the Michigan jokes. Ve...
 Contains Spoilers<br /><br />But if you weren'...
 You Are Alone is a beautiful, almost delicate ...
 I understand there was some conflict between L...
 Dead Man Walking, absolutely brilliant, in tea...
 Yay!... I think. It's hard to say. It's hard t...
 So, has it really come to this? Are we, as con...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 This was just horrible the plot was just OK, b...
 Seriously, it had everything you could want in...
 If there has ever been a worse comedy than 'Gr...
 I've never seen a show with as much story, mys...
 Losing Control is another offering in the erot...
 I have long tried to understand why people lik...
 This was a wonderful little American propagand...
 If you're an average guy like me and enjoy goo...
 These days, writers, directors and producers a...
 LE GRAND VOYAGE is a gentle miracle of a film,...
 David Cronenberg, much like colleague David Ly...
 A lot of promise and nothing more. An all-star...
 In the 60's Cleveland television audiences cou...
 Acting is horrible. This film makes Fast and F...
 You'd hardly know that a year later MGM put No...
 I rented this movie hoping that it would provi...
 If you're in the middle of a ferocious war and...
 This film has little to recommend it, though t...
 I had just finished reading the book, and was ...
 I am embarrassed to say that I missed "The Mot...
 "The China Syndrome" could not have been relea...
 If you like me enjoy films with plots and conv...
 I was going to say this was the worst gay-them...
 Back in the day, I remembered seeing dumb Nint...
 My roommates & I nearly shorted out our TV fro...
 Embarrassingly, I just watched this movie for ...
 i wasn't a fan of seeing this movie at all, bu...
 Monarch Cove was one of the best Friday night'...
 Watching "Ossessione" today -- more than 6 dec...
 Within the first 17 minutes of director Bradfo...
 Unfortunately for me, the first Busby Berkeley...
 Any film school student could made a film 1,00...
 Daddy's girls Florence Lawrence and Dorothy We...
 "Terror in the Aisles" might look like the ult...
 I love Dracula but this movie was a complete d...
 Hail Bollywood and men Directors !<br /><br />...
 This movie was over-shadowed by 'The Jackal' (...
 The 1978 adaptation had all the ingredients of...
 Me neither, but this flick is unfortunately on...
 I found this to be an entertaining account of ...
 Just because an event really happened doesn't ...
 I found this on the shelf and swooned with joy...
 The Beguiled was one of the few early Eastwood...
 Ahista Ahista is one little small brilliant. I...
 My first impression when I read the synopsis f...
 An excellent example of the spectacular Busby ...
 To soccer fans every where -- stay away from t...
 This is the best piece of film ever created It...
 What a brilliant film. I will admit it is very...
 This is a review of 'Freddy Mercury The Untold...
 "The Mother" is a weird low-budget movie, touc...
 A lecture over the life of the tormented magic...
 Only Connery could bring that particular style...
 (Possible ?? spoilers included, but nothing cr...
 Excellent episode movie ala Pulp Fiction. 7 da...
 My god how bad this is. Who is this impostor p...
 I don't usually comment on films since I am in...
 An interesting movie based on three of Jules V...
 When I saw the elaborate DVD box for this and ...
 Where to start? Some guy has some Indian pot t...
 Since my third or fourth viewing some time ago...
 So.. what can I tell you about this movie. If ...
 The cult movie for every true Russian intellec...
 This new movie by Jeskid is awesome! Check it ...
 Part of the movie's low rating is the emphasis...
 Before there was Crash, there was this interes...
 DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE!<br /><br />I had to se...
 Alice(Claire Danes) and Darlene(Kate Beckinsal...
 A mean spirited, repulsive horror film about 3...
 The movie appeals to public due to charisma of...
 The arch title doesn't fit this gentle romanti...
 i think the team behind this film did a very g...
 It must be so difficult to tell a story where ...
 This is a hard show to watch. It's not somethi...
 wow! i watched the trailer for this one and th...
 This is an incredible movie that begins slowly...
 'Presque Rien' ('Come Undone') is an earlier w...
 *Spoilers and extreme bashing lay ahead*<br />...
 I just got this movie for Christmas and have a...
 Despite a decent first season this series neve...
 Simply but imaginatively filmed studio-set per...
 When a rich tycoon is killed in a plane crash,...
 Kennedy-Miller could hardly have done a better...
 A handful of critics have awarded this film wi...
 The writer/director of this film obviously doe...
 Oh it really really is. I've seen films that I...
 I felt like I was watching an example of how n...
 "Spin it!"<br /><br />The 90s opened up with a...
 This amazing Oscar winner (4 in total) and Joh...
 I myself am a physics student, and I have to s...
 It's easy to see how this below-average screen...
 Oh dear, what a horrid movie.<br /><br />The p...
 A Scanner Darkly, Minority Report, Blade Runne...
 Audiences back in 1936 must have been stunned ...
 'Apocalypse Now Redux', Francis Ford Coppola's...
 Identical twin sisters Mary-Kate and Ashley Ol...
 As a longtime admirer of the 2001 film "Moulin...
 You, the Living (2007)<br /><br />Mordant. I'v...
 Julie Delpy stars in this horrific film about ...
 this movie is awesome. sort of. it dosent real...
 After a summer full of retreads and disappoint...
 This movie is not worth seeing, at least not a...
 A man and his wife are not getting along becau...
 Like a lot of stars of the big screen as their...
 This movie raises a number of pressing questio...
 I generally like this movie a lot. The animati...
 This film can not even be said to be bad for i...
 First, I would like to admit that Chokher Bali...
 Master director Ching Siu Tung's perhaps most ...
 I remember my dad hiring these episodes on vid...
 It seems like an exciting prospect, a modern-d...
 American war movie fans might be bored out of ...
 The actors play wonderfully, especially Kennet...
 Well, I have to disagree with Leonard Maltin o...
 Ring! Ring! Have-been horror directors hotline...
 When I first saw this DVD in a bargain bin for...
 What more can be said? I have not been this fa...
 To quote Clark Griswold (in the original Chris...
 This dumb comedy really does a good job of was...
 I don't like using the word "awful" to describ...
 This cheap and rubbish film is about a NASA te...
 An interesting look at the immigrant experienc...
 I rented this movie to get an easy, entertaine...
 I for one was very anxious to watch this movie...
 Before the WWF became cartoon with Hulk Hoagan...
 Why?!! This was an insipid, uninspired and emb...
 This is like a school video project and a prop...
 A chemist develops a fabric that never gets di...
 I was trying to work out why I enjoyed this fi...
 "And the time came when the risk to remain tig...
 I'm a fan of B grade 80s films in which the he...
 Robert Taylor definitely showed himself to be ...
 When I first heard about the show, I heard a l...
 Original Movie lovers can actually love this s...
 I think I would probably not hate this movie i...
 "Witchery" might just be the most incoherent a...
 This is the Neil Simon piece of work that got ...
 Wow. I LOVED the whole series, and am shocked ...
 This movie is bad. Really bad. So bad it made ...
 I, being a fan of Rupert Grint, rented this fi...
 I'm disappointed that Reiser (who wrote the fi...
 Sorry to disagree with you, but I found the DK...
 It is sad that Schwarzenegger was the best thi...
 just watched it, me and my better half could n...
 I'm sure this is a show no one is that familia...
 The first few minutes of this movie don't do i...
 Dream Quest was a surprisingly good movie. The...
 WOW! Pretty terrible stuff. The Richard Burton...
 It's been a long time since I saw this mini-se...
 The basic story idea of ENCHANTED APRIL is exc...
 Man were do I start,everything about this Cart...
 It's about jealousy, it's about racism, it's a...
 they (dueringer, dorfer) are good stand-up com...
 I remember seeing this on TV in the late 70s -...
 To experience Head you really need to understa...
 I'm a fan of Judy Garland, Vincente Minnelli, ...
 "Mr. Harvey Lights a Candle" is anchored by a ...
 Della Myers (Kim Basinger) is an upper-class h...
 I hired this movie expecting a few laughs, hop...
 I bought a set of 4 DVDs for 10 bucks at my lo...
 I am still trying to figure out what the targe...
 For those not in the know, the Asterix books a...
 What's this? A Canadian produced zombie flick ...
 The full title of this film is 'May you be in ...
 This picks up about a year after the events in...
 Simply well written, directed and acted... Woo...
 Well OK, I watched this movie a little over 2 ...
 Here's an interesting little movie that strict...
 I saw this movie for the first time when Quent...
 I saw this Hallmark television movie when it o...
 It's not my fault. My girlfriend made me watch...
 With a humor that would appeal to an exclusive...
 Never viewed this film until recently on TCM a...
 "Back of Beyond" takes place at a dive diner/g...
 While the new Pride & Prejudice film is gorgeo...
 Michael Is King. This film contains some of th...
 This is a very exciting and romantic film. I h...
 Well, maybe not immediately before the Rodney ...
 The Slackers as titled in this movie are three...
 The Angry Red Planet (Quickie Review) <br /><b...
 A real let down, the novel is such a brilliant...
 I was very skeptical about sacrificing my prec...
 Three sergeants in the British army stationed ...
 If anyone ever assembles a compendium on moder...
 I had such high hopes for this film because I ...
 Well, I generally like Iranian movies, and aft...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 Dog days is one of most accurate films i've ev...
 William Hurt may not be an American matinee id...
 There can be no denying that Hak Se Wui (Elect...
 Not all, but most of this story is Buster bein...
 Sky Captain is possibly the best awful movie I...
 Anthony Wong stars in both this and the origin...
 Seven Pounds, this was the movie where I was j...
 "A lot of the films I've made probably could h...
 Summary- This game is the best Spider-Man to h...
 Technically abominable (with audible "pops" be...
 i really love this movie , i saw it for the fi...
 What else can you say about this movie,except ...
 I never thought I would absolutly hate an Arno...
 I know sometimes its really really corny... Bu...
 This series continues to frustrate and annoy. ...
 Now I get it. The title refers to each audienc...
 It's important to keep in mind the real meanin...
 In what is a truly diverse cast, this show hit...
 A handful of nubile young college sorority sis...
 This is the episode that probably most closely...
 During the whole Pirates of The Caribbean Tril...
 This terrible moovie is fun on many levels - t...
 Once again, I've been duped by seemingly intel...
 As has been well documented by previous poster...
 ... mainly because Ju-on 2 boasts an outrageou...
 Watching "Kroko" I would have liked to leave t...
 My children watch the show everyday that its o...
 Trio's vignettes were insightful and quite enj...
 On a flight back from London, I watched She's ...
 This is one of those films that explore the cu...
 Trying to catch a serial killer, did they ever...
 Pretty twisted Horror film, that has a few goo...
 This is one of may all-time favourite films. P...
 I think that this film was one of Kurt Russels...
 i see hundreds of student films- this is tops....
 Wow, what a total let down! The fact people th...
 A brilliant Russian émigré devises the Stanis...
 The movie " Inhabited" is about a family of fo...
 Okay, this film is about Bedknobs and Broomsti...
 This film had a great cast going for it: Chris...
 ... And it's a not very good documentary eithe...
 This is another of Eastwood's many movies mixi...
 This British film is truly awful, and it's har...
 This music is totally out of touch with the fi...
 "Written on the Wind" is a Douglas Sirk's melo...
 Now this is the sort of film we used to get we...
 If I ever write movies or make them, i would w...
 There are some movies that are loved by almost...
 During WW2 in the Philipines, Japanese soldier...
 This film had such promise!! What a great idea...
 You can't really blame the movie maker for glo...
 I think this TV film was first aired the same ...
 Absence of a GOOD PLOT, absence of decent ACTI...
 I recall seeing this movie as a kid. I don't r...
 My only minor quibble with the film I grew up ...
 This may actually the finest film of 1999. No ...
 Dull, flatly-directed "comedy" has zero laughs...
 Not only is this a great African-American clas...
 This is a great movie that I don't think gets ...
 Burt Reynold's Direct's and star's in this gre...
 1st watched 11/07/2004 - 1 out of 10(Dir-Jon K...
 This film shows up on the premium cable channe...
 As a child growing up in the Sydney of the 195...
 For me, "Late Chrysanthemums" was interesting ...
 An interesting comedy, taking place on a train...
 Can A-Pix ever, ever, ever do anything right? ...
 I really think that this movie is great, perso...
 I'm a bit conflicted over this. The show is on...
 Here's another movie that should be loaded int...
 "Balance of Terror" is still one of the best S...
 I've watched this movie a second time to try t...
 "Crossfire" is remembered not so much for the ...
 Having not seen this film in about 20 years I ...
 The opening credits are pure poetry and I have...
 Ivan Reitman is something of a savior. The mos...
 I don't know about the rest of the viewers of ...
 I didn't have HUGE expectations for this film ...
 I remember watching "Gung Ho" as a child with ...
 Not really worth a review, but I suppose it's ...
 if you're a fan of the original ten commandmen...
 I'd always wanted David Duchovney to go into t...
 SUcks. That's all I got to say about this sorr...
 Made and released at the time when the interne...
 Normally BBC productions of Jane Austen are pr...
 I love this film 'Spring and port wine'. I was...
 "People stranded in a country house during a s...
 This movie is a gay love story disguised as a ...
 If you read the book by Carl Hiaasen, the movi...
 Only saw this movie late last night. I remembe...
 I have always been a fan of the show so I'll a...
 Korean cinema has the ability to turn genres o...
 The daughter's words are poetry: "I can't go o...
 I quite enjoyed this movie for two reasons. Th...
 Lesbian vampire film about a couple on holiday...
 As far as I can tell you, in spite of earlier ...
 "The Tenant" is Roman Polanski's greatest film...
 "Direct-to-video" is a phrase that never sound...
 I was in second grade, 12 years ago. I remembe...
 A group of hunters track down a werewolf, kill...
 Across the country and especially in the polit...
 I am a big fan of Stephen King's work, and thi...
 I just saw it at an advance screening I haven'...
 Anton Newcombe makes the film and he is the ma...
 I must admit, when I first began watching this...
 Loaded with fine actors, I expected much more ...
 Hercules: The TV- Movie Hercules - A very twis...
 This one is a cut above the usual softcore T&A...
 I don't know what the Oscar voters saw in this...
 Graphically, it is the same game as the first ...
 Yes, the first "Howling" was a classic. A rath...
 First, I rated this movie 10/10. To me, it's s...
 The movie starts with a pair of campers, a man...
 This is one of the greatest sports movies ever...
 I've Seen The Beginning Of The Muppet Movie, B...
 Verhoeven's movie was utter and complete garba...
 On second viewing of this movie, I like it eve...
 The first two hours of the televised version a...
 I like the phrase "British post war suburban p...
 This is such a crappy movie I have no idea how...
 I thought it was a New-York located movie: wro...
 This is one of Jackies best films that is him ...
 This is the 2nd time I've seen this movie in a...
 The Minion is about... well, a minion. A serva...
 Claire Denis' debut is both a brave and self-a...
 We, as a family, were so delighted with 'The L...
 "Whipped" is one of the most awful films of al...
 A noble effort, I guess, but ultimately a poor...
 Before we start, may I say I hope you've alrea...
 I remember flipping through channels on HBO an...
 One of our all time family favorites. When we ...
 As there was nothing wrong with the acting etc...
 Well to do American divorcée with more money t...
 "Escape from Hell" is not made with enough art...
 this movie makes me laugh by even just thinkin...
 As a long-time fan of Superman from the comics...
 If you appreciate the renaissance in Asian hor...
 After seeing Big Fat Liar, I think Jason learn...
 This movie is all about entertainment. Imagine...
 Hidden Frontier is a fan made show, in the wor...
 In one of the many Bugs Bunny-Daffy Duck carto...
 I am always so frustrated that the majority of...
 I saw this movie in the early 70's when I was ...
 Anyone who watched "Alien vs Predator" must've...
 OK, don't let my summary fool you. This movie ...
 After hearing that some of the people behind t...
 I am awed by actress Bobbie Phillips and her s...
 I found the movie at my local video store and ...
 This movie is on cable sporadically, and I nev...
 I've seen this movie n I can say that this is ...
 Cowboys and Indians is an excellent film. The ...
 BEGIN SPOILER: Fitfully funny and memorable fo...
 I had high expectations of this movie (the tit...
 I've seen hundreds of silent movies. Some will...
 It's the Sooooouullltakaaaa!<br /><br />Wow. W...
 My girlfriend and I were stunned by how bad th...
 Of the three remakes on W. Somerset Maughan's ...
 ---what happened to these unlikeable people. A...
 Again Stacy Peralta is true first to the peopl...
 This movie can be interpreted on many differen...
 This picture's following will only grow as tim...
 Unfortunately, the realism is boring. This mov...
 Besides all of the technical mistakes ....<br ...
 Hallelujah!!!! Finally, a true Colombian film...
 So totally unique and entertaining! Another gr...
 There is something about Pet Sematary that I n...
 What a great actor to have in such an awful st...
 there is one of the best movies directed by an...
 It was a serious attempt to show the developin...
 On June 14 1905, during the Russian Revolution...
 Once again I have seen a movie made by people ...
 Despite the solid performance of Penelope Ann ...
 Dramatic license - some hate it, though it is ...
 I think that Mario Van Peebles movie Posse is ...
 There aren't enough gay-themed movies and ther...
 Despite what the title may imply, "Pigs Is Pig...
 Some people say the pace of this film is a lit...
 I'm not one of those folks who bemoans everyti...
 I was so excited and hyped up about watching t...
 Rarely have I witnessed such a gratuitous wast...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 I have seen cheesy kung fu fight films. Living...
 A group of obnoxious teens go to a former fune...
 First thing I noticed in this movie of course,...
 I remember when this film was up for the Acade...
 Not only do I think this was the best film of ...
 (WARNING - CONTAINS MILD SPOILER) A movie almo...
 To sum it up in a nutshell, this film was disa...
 If you see the title "2069 A Sex Odyssey" in t...
 Mickey Rourke is enjoying a renaissance at the...
 Whatever the producer was going for, he missed...
 <br /><br />Her Excellency Madam Shabana Azmi ...
 This film is the worst film, but it ranks very...
 my friends and I are always on the lookout for...
 *WARNING* Contains MANY SPOILERS!<br /><br />L...
 I love how everyone treats this show like it w...
 I cannot believe I actually sat through the wh...
 I found Tremors 4:The Legend Begins, to be dul...
 To preface my remarks on the film, I know the ...
 One of the commentators on the subject of Lil'...
 I was forced to read this sappy "love story" b...
 this movie is, despite its "independent" statu...
 This collection of eleven short stories in one...
 Miserable film. Not even to be compared in one...
 The Japanese have probably the most sadistic m...
 So this guy named George is sitting home alone...
 It was tough watching Harrison Ford obsessing ...
 You're waiting to see if the remake is better ...
 John Rivers' life as an architect and family m...
 Without question, the worst film I've seen for...
 We bought the DVD set of "Es war einmal das Le...
 Never having seen an Oliver Stone film before,...
 Writer/Director/Co-Star Adam Jones is headed f...
 Let me start of by saying that I never wanted ...
 i am an avid ff7 fan, for instance i have the ...
 This was truly a deeply moving movie in every ...
 I was ready for a Crouching Tiger style movie ...
 First off, the title character is not even the...
 Gordon Scott with his well coiffed hair, hourg...
 You don't need to read this review.<br /><br /...
 The soul of an ancient mummy is transferred to...
 Endearingly silly anime, only six episodes in ...
 The movie starts off relatively well and seems...
 this movie was rather awful Vipul Shah's last ...
 Now out of all the shark movies I've seen, thi...
 When naïve young Eddie Hatch, a window dresser...
 The plot of "In the Mood for Love" is simple e...
 Sergeant Ryker is accused of being a traitor d...
 What kind of a documentary about a musician fa...
 I don't get this. The movie obviously has a pr...
 by saying that,I mean that this is not a well ...
 This is a film by Oshima, the director of the ...
 In the groovy mid 70's a scruffy bunch of bras...
 This is an anti-Serb propaganda film made for ...
 This is one worth watching, although it is som...
 This film is the worst excuse for a motion pic...
 Pointless boring film with charismatic Mercuri...
 I wanted to like this one - the situation was ...
 Director Vincenzo Natali's Cypher is a complex...
 Turgid dialogue, feeble characterization - Har...
 Joe Don's opening line says everything about t...
 This is a typical late Universal Horror flick:...
 The Ramones, whom I consider the founders of m...
 The Camals Are Coming is a rather disappointin...
 It is in the opinion of this reviewer that the...
 "Nada" was the most inadequate follow-up to "L...
 A DAMN GOOD MOVIE! One that is seriously under...
 Well done melodrama that tells the story of Sa...
 This is not really a proper review since I did...
 All y'all hatin' on the fact you'd probably ne...
 I have to admit I was deceived by the title an...
 While the original titillates the intellect, t...
 A less-than-subtle poke at the beliefs and tea...
 I saw this movie on mystery science theater wh...
 I was a huge "SNL" fan back in the days of Che...
 Style over substance. But what a style it is. ...
 If, unlike some of the commenters here, you ar...
 along the history of cinema, there's been a fe...
 Firstly, I'll admit I haven't seen Vampires: L...
 I saw this movie when it aired on the WB and f...
 This is my all time favourite movie ever!!!<br...
 This movie moves and inspire you, it's like yo...
 When many people say it's the "worst movie I'v...
 I cannot begin to describe how amazing this mo...
 In the process of trying to establish the audi...
 this film is terrible. The characters are comp...
 Young Mr.Lincoln is a poetic,beautiful film th...
 Holden and Jones SIZZLE in this movie, but not...
 In the final days of the year 1999, most every...
 Connery climbs aboard the Moore buffoon train ...
 This series and Elon Gold were being HYPED as ...
 This movie is about a group of people who are ...
 I've seen both movies and I saw without a doub...
 If you are the sort of person who can get a ki...
 Famous as the British film so bad it had to be...
 MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is a mesmerizing 1945 B ...
 I bet you Gene Simmons and Vincent Pastore neg...
 That was one of the lines in a trailer about t...
 This was a hit in the South By Southwest (SXSW...
 People may say I am harsh but I can't help it....
 Man, the '90's really were an horrible decade ...
 I saw this series in 1999 in London TV and was...
 On the way home from a day at the beach, four ...
 I heard legends about this "film" (quotes used...
 I checked this out for free at the library, an...
 I'm sick of people whining about Ewoks! True, ...
 I really like Traci Lords. She may not be the ...
 Low budget horror movie. If you don't raise yo...
 I was really horrified by this eerie movie. Wh...
 This was a truly bad film. The character "Cole...
 TANDEM is an odd slice in the Japanese pink ge...
 I had the pleasure of seeing this film at the ...
 Okay, let's start off by saying this film is n...
 I was very curious about Anatomy (aka Anatomie...
 John Leguizamo is a great comedian and storyte...
 By 1945, and after a string of solid WWII prop...
 I really wanted to like this movie. I absolute...
 Acting 10, Script 1. "Hurlyburly" is from that...
 This movie accurately portrays the struggle li...
 It seems that Dee Snyder ran out of ideas half...
 Phantom of the Mall is a film that fits best i...
 Makes the fourth theatrical release (the one N...
 Monstrous mother-son-duo (Alice Krige and Bria...
 I was a 20 year old college student living wit...
 Just watched this and it was amazing. Was in s...
 This is the one major problem with this film, ...
 This Film is the One which you fall in love wi...
 Hilarious film, I had a great time watching it...
 This is by far the best stand-up routine I hav...
 This movie changed my life! Hogan's performanc...
 I read some comments on the internet about thi...
 *Spoilers - sorry!* The first word that sprung...
 This film is an excellent military movie. It m...
 I've always been a fan of Jackass, as well as ...
 A lot of other reviewers here, including many ...
 1 let's suspend belief for a moment and let's ...
 THE SECRET OF KELLS may be the most exquisite ...
 The first time I saw this "film" I loved it. W...
 Below average movie with poor music considerin...
 It sounded so promising in the Rental Store, t...
 Batman Returns It is my opinion that the first...
 I saw this gem of a film at Cannes where it wa...
 Although released among a flock of revenge-min...
 Louis Gossett Jr returns to the well one more ...
 Kenny Doughty as Jed Willis is sexier in this ...
 Is this a stupid movie? You bet!! I could not ...
 This is the best 3-D experience Disney has at ...
 I remember a time when the only thing that did...
 My kids picked this out at the video store...i...
 I absolutely loved this series, and was very s...
 During a Kurt Weill celebration in Brooklyn, W...
 I'm just getting the chance to dig into past A...
 I grew up in Southern West Virginia; I'm about...
 I've seen a lot of stupid plotlines in my time...
 As I mentioned previously, John Carpenter's 19...
 Bill and Ted are back, only this time an evil ...
 I had heard this film was a study of a landsca...
 Not often have i had the feeling of a movie it...
 I like this movie and have watched my copy twi...
 This is the worst film I have ever seen, bar n...
 Please, do not waste your time and money with ...
 In 1990 I saw Kathy Ireland in person - I was ...
 Only children below the age of 12 should be al...
 This film tells the stories of several couples...
 It is often only after years pass that we can ...
 People who actually liked Problem Child (1990)...
 When childhood memory tells you this was a sca...
 This is a really old fashion charming movie. T...
 No matter how much it hurts me to say this,the...
 How can a major German TV station broadcast a ...
 I first saw this film during and International...
 Crack House (1989) was one of the few film dur...
 David Lynch's new short is a very "Lynchian" p...
 Good lord.<br /><br />I'm going to say right o...
 I wanted to like this movie, but there is very...
 This is the underrated Kellie Martin's best ro...
 It's really rather Simple. The Name of the Mov...
 After the across-the-board success of MY NAME ...
 I thought this movie was really awesome! One o...
 This is possibly one of the worst giant killer...
 This show is possibly the biggest, ugliest, mo...
 This delightful, well written film is based on...
 In a sport that prizes quirkiness and treasure...
 Once in the Life means that once a hoodlum, al...
 Honestly I can't understand why this movie rat...
 urgh! 3 things a movie needs: a good script, a...
 Released in December of 1957, Sayonara went on...
 Not one of Keaton's best efforts, this was per...
 "Riders of Destiny" was the first of several w...
 I've read a lot of reviews about Showtime on I...
 Has the proliferation of relatively high quali...
 If you make a suspense movie it is kind of imp...
 "When a Killer Calls" is an unusually nasty sl...
 This is high grade cheese fare of B movie kung...
 Four stories written by Robert Bloch about var...
 A very well made film set in early '60s commun...
 That reviewers liked this movie surprises me. ...
 I first saw this movie on TV back in 1959 when...
 In the ten years since Wildside aired, nothing...
 I can't help thinking that this is Franco's 'h...
 Watching this movie really surprised me. I hav...
 'Intervention' has helped me with my own addic...
 First of all, I liked very much the central id...
 Ugly women-of-the-cellblock flick rakes the bo...
 OK, just what the HELL is all this supposed to...
 When the film began, I was shocked to see it w...
 An Asian blowgun assassin takes out victims in...
 It's impossible for me to objectively consider...
 This film is awful. Give me the dentist anytim...
 Incredibly ARTISTIC NOBODY COULD MAKE THEM NOW...
 I'm a fan of C&C, going back to their records,...
 I can't believe some of the comments here in t...
 I don't know why, but when I am asked about ba...
 Creating a comedy is like walking a pretty thi...
 Ben (a fine Charles Bateman), his young daught...
 The premise of this awaited sequel was really ...
 Without Kirsten Miller this project needn't ha...
 My college professor says that Othello may be ...
 This movie was very good, not great but very g...
 Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II starts at the Ha...
 The title above is used to introduce the film ...
 Worst Movie I Have Ever Seen! 90 Minutes of ex...
 This is one of those films that you watch with...
 It's a mistake to refer to any film of this er...
 Like most people, I was interested in "More" s...
 I saw One Life Stand when it premiered at the ...
 The Cowboys could leave you a little sore in t...
 This show comes up with interesting locations ...
 Lame B-horror that takes itself too damn serio...
 The best bit in the film was when Alan pulled ...
 Cates is insipid and unconvincing, Kline over-...
 As soon as the credits rolled on Saturday nigh...
 The memory banks of most of the reviewers here...
 I wish I could give this movie a zero out of t...
 The Impossible Planet and The Satan Pit togeth...
 SciFi has been having some extremely bad luck ...
 This was honestly the worst movie i have ever ...
 Don't understand how these animated movies kee...
 This movie is the Latino Godfather. An unlikel...
 This sci-fi adventure is not the best and by n...
 Granted, I'm not the connoisseur d'horror my p...
 Michael (played by Steven Robertson) has cereb...
 A BUSTER KEATON Silent Short.<br /><br />Poor ...
 This has been put out on the DVD market by Alp...
 Well don't expect anything deep an meaningful....
 The Sentinel is a movie that was recommended t...
 I was fortunate enough to catch this film at t...
 I watched the first show of each series just t...
 Remnants of an ambushed Army unit hook up with...
 Debbie Vickers (Nell Schofield) and Sue Knight...
 While I thought this was a good film about JFK...
 Wow, what a racist, profane piece of celluloid...
 Well it is about 1,000 years in the future and...
 What happened? Those were the first words to c...
 Zu Warriors most definitely should've been an ...
 Saving Grace is a nice movie to watch in a bor...
 Clearly my rating for this is not to suggest i...
 It appears even the director doesn't like this...
 I rented this film thinking it was the sobbing...
 This is not a film is a clever, witty and ofte...
 Before I review this film, I must make a confe...
 I walked into Blockbuster, itchin' to watch so...
 First off i'll give this movie a low scoring 4...
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen and b...
 I had no expectations when I started to watch ...
 It seems like anybody can make a movie nowaday...
 Despite being a sequel to the more potent orig...
 The plot of this terrible film is so convolute...
 When the Grinch came out I was excited though ...
 This started out as a good sketch comedy. The ...
 This is bad movie. There is no denying it as m...
 A routine mystery/thriller concerning a killer...
 If TV was a baseball league, this show would h...
 As one who frequently goes to the movies, I ha...
 This movie was on the Romance channel, and I t...
 This film shows a serious side to the often th...
 Celebrity singers have always had a tough time...
 Based on Mika Waltari's Book,This Second Cinem...
 I saw this on the big screen and was encapsula...
 Every role, down to the smallest, has been cas...
 ...in an otherwise ghastly, misbegotten, would...
 Four Eyed Monsters follows the relationship of...
 Lovely piece of good cinema. This is one of th...
 This multi-leveled thriller kept my attention ...
 Well, I'm an Italian horror big fan and I love...
 The eight Jean Rollin film I have watched is a...
 This gets a two because I liked it as a kid, b...
 Feroz Abbas Khan's Gandhi My Father, a film th...
 I saw this movie on the strength of the single...
 The movie has the longest, most tortured and a...
 I was watching this movie at one of my usual t...
 Full House is a great family show. However, af...
 Excellent documentary, ostensibly about the fr...
 Not only does the film's author, Steven Greens...
 I just wanted to write a quick response to all...
 This isn't a bad movie. It's fun to watch for ...
 Moonwalker is probably not the film to watch i...
 This sci-fi great fortunately has little to do...
 I can't remember the worst film I have watched...
 I watched this film with my family over a long...
 Well, this is new...Famous Italian horror dire...
 Otherwise it is one of the worst movies I've e...
 Watching the last 2 episodes i remembered a TV...
 Not only Why? But "What were they thinking?" T...
 It must have been excruciating to attend the d...
 Good movie, very 70s, you can not expect much ...
 One of the most unfairly maligned programmes o...
 Oh, well I thought it should be a good action,...
 This is what a movie should be when trying to ...
 Alistair Simms inspired portrayal of Miss Frit...
 This is a lovely tale of guilt-driven obsessio...
 GREAT MOVIE! Chucky is by far the funniest cha...
 MISSISSIPPI MERMAID is a disturbing and unsett...
 I must admit, out of the EROS MOVIE COLLECTION...
 Despite, or perhaps in part because of the cle...
 This film is notable for three reasons.<br /><...
 This was just telecast here in the U.S. Others...
 ** CONTAINS SPOILERS ** <br /><br />The truly ...
 I very well remember the bad press this film g...
 This self-indulgent mess may have put the kibo...
 After I couldn't ignore the hype about the sho...
 Blank check is one of those kids movies that c...
 How can such good actors like Jean Rochefort a...
 In order to rate this movie fairly you have to...
 I argued with myself whether to rent this or n...
 I rented the dubbed-English version of Lensman...
 Claire Denis has demonstrated repeatedly that ...
 It is finally coming out. The first season wil...
 This satire is just really, really dead-on, an...
 There are plenty of reviews on this page that ...
 Quite what the producers of this appalling ada...
 The mission to see the movie "The Cave" was a ...
 Two sisters, their perverted brother, and thei...
 I loved this movie! Yes, it is rather cheap an...
 This game is one of the best horror/shooter ga...
 Good story and excellent animation. The influe...
 I found this movie really hard to sit through,...
 Coach Preachy or Straight Sappy. It's bad writ...
 I go to a lot of movies, often I bring my 5 ye...
 I've been writing hardboiled crime fiction for...
 I regard this loving, and sensitively written ...
 Dennis Hopper is without a doubt one of the fi...
 I found this movie to be a simple yet wonderfu...
 We went to the cinema expecting a biggish budg...
 During a lifetime of seeing and enjoying thous...
 My guess is that the producers of this low-bud...
 First off to get my own personal feelings out ...
 This movie, supposedly a thriller, had about f...
 After putting a mummy in a local museum goes t...
 Rented and watched this short (< 90 minutes) w...
 Bill and Ted's bogus journey is possible the m...
 This movie is the best movie I have seen in a ...
 The above profile was written by me when I use...
 I managed to record THE DION BROTHERS, off bro...
 The Polish brothers are unique film artists, a...
 Recap: Since the warrior queen Gedren raised a...
 Tom and Butch Cat fight over the capture of Je...
 you can be fooled by your first impressions. a...
 The sun should set on this movie, forever.<br ...
 Every once in a while , someone out of the blu...
 I'm sorry, but this movie is just way to shall...
 I have noticed that people have asked if anyon...
 I saw this movie, and I do like horror movies....
 I very nearly walked out, but I'd paid my mone...
 One of the many vigilante epics that flooded t...
 I think this was a HORRIBLE mistake on Disney'...
 as a 'physically challenged' person (god, how ...
 This film proves you don't need a Hollywood bu...
 It's difficult to precisely put into words the...
 Prior to watching "Dahmer," I thought no movie...
 This was a favorite of my childhood - I can re...
 Okay, I'm sorry to the cast and crew for this ...
 Star Trek: Hidden Frontier is a long-running i...
 Well, first of all, excuse me for the lame pun...
 Actually there was nothing funny about this mo...
 I rented this movie today thinking it might be...
 This film resembles in many ways `Enemy of the...
 One of the biggest French success of the year ...
 Finally!!! A good movie made on the most demen...
 This story documenting the rise of China's fir...
 Avoid this movie. If you are expecting "The Po...
 This was the first movie that Joan Crawford an...
 'Before the devil knows you're dead' is one of...
 This movie (even calling it a movie is an over...
 (Some Spoilers) Facing a mid-life crisis and f...
 I hate to be too critical, but this one really...
 A remarkable piece of documentary, giving a vi...
 I love cheesy horror movies, I think dead aliv...
 I knew it was going to be awful but not this a...
 This is one great movie! I have played all the...
 Since Jason and his ilk took over horror films...
 Underneath the dense green glop of computer gr...
 Well, to each his own, but I thought Gibson's ...
 Mercifully, there's no video of this wannabe w...
 Rather foolish attempt at a Hitchcock-type mys...
 Oh dear, just what we need another Essex -Cock...
 This movie is most possibly the worst movie I ...
 If you are a Crispin Glover fan, you must see ...
 I had seen this movie when it got released, an...
 A clever and bizarre angle to "Beauty is in th...
 This is one of those films that looks so "date...
 I have seen this movie many times, (and recent...
 this film is absolutely hilarious. basically, ...
 Thriller is the GREATEST music video of all ti...
 Several years ago when I first watched "Grey G...
 I normally do not take the time to make commen...
 This was easily one of the weirder of the Erne...
 I missed it at the cinema and have rented it o...
 And a made for TV movie too, this movie was go...
 A group of tourists are stranded on Snake Isla...
 I have never seen the TV Series or the previou...
 I just picked up the DVD release of this movie...
 While sleeping, Mr. Eko is assigned by his bro...
 The orange tone to everything was just yucky. ...
 Not to be confused with Lewis Teague's "Alliga...
 They had such potential for this movie and the...
 A series of random, seemingly insignificant th...
 This was a very well scripted movie. Great fun...
 I rated this one better than awful because I l...
 Slash flicks come few and far between now a da...
 This film infuriated me for the simple fact th...
 This is a masterpiece. 'The Big Snit' is a cra...
 I don't think I need to tell you the story. Fo...
 First, before reading further, you must unders...
 This is without a doubt the STUPIDEST movie of...
 This is a great show despite many negative use...
 The only reason that this movie is rated a 1 i...
 SILVER CITY (2+ outta 5 stars) As a huge fan o...
 It's always interesting to catch a line in a f...
 and laugh out loud funny in many scenes.<br />...
 Kevin Spacey again picks a winner with K-PAX, ...
 This is absurd - aside from the fellow Austral...
 As seems to be the general gist of these comme...
 Despite the patronage of George Lucas, this ca...
 I was a little afraid when I went to the cinem...
 I wish Depardieu had been able to finish his b...
 I am a huge Willem Dafoe fan, and really sough...
 This movie is great. Simply. It is rare that y...
 This version is pretty insipid, I'm afraid. Ja...
 If you are thinking of going to see this film ...
 As long as you don't mind paying a little more...
 Buddy is an entertaining family film set in a ...
 This film is a huge steaming pile. <br /><br /...
 Bled starts as young female artist Sai (Sarah ...
 It is hard to describe this film and one wants...
 Prior to Airport 79' these movies were rather ...
 The last of the sequels,not counting Abbott an...
 *!!- SPOILERS - !!*<br /><br />Before I begin ...
 This film promises much but delivers little. T...
 Yash Raj films are so funny, whatever works th...
 I found this family film to be pleasant and en...
 This movie is likely the worst movie I've ever...
 I have spent many years studying all the great...
 When I first saw the trailer for Prom Night, I...
 Okay, I know I shouldn't like this movie but I...
 Sogo Ishii can be a skilled filmmaker under th...
 No one better spoil this piece of work! Awesom...
 One cannot help but be impressed with the inte...
 Like too many recent British films, this one t...
 Tempest is based on the classic Shakespearean ...
 Ernesto is a man that makes a living out of du...
 This was the beginning of it all! Granted, thi...
 Having only seen two of his pictures previousl...
 too bad they showed palm trees that could not ...
 This movie tries to say something profound; I'...
 Why was this film made? What were the creators...
 This is a stupid movie. Like a lot of these ka...
 The most ridiculous thing about this ridiculou...
 Widely known as "Don't Look in the Basement" -...
 I think the comments regarding the show being ...
 Wow, don't watch this thinking it's going to b...
 Escaping the life of being pimped by her fathe...
 Good grief sethrp-1, you COMPLETELY missed the...
 You sit there for a half an hour and watch a s...
 I still wonder why I sat through this entire t...
 It's been said before--Strangers on a Train is...
 and this IS a very disturbing film. I may be w...
 It has a bit of that indie queer edge that was...
 I just saw this movie on Flix after timer-tapi...
 Totally forgettable and almost unwatchable. If...
 I was one of the many fools who were sapped ou...
 Watching this movie again really brought back ...
 The other lowest-rating reviewers have summed ...
 I found this film to be an interesting study i...
 This movie is about as underrated as Police Ac...
 The 2002 version of "The Time Machine" is just...
 Like the first one,the team of JACKASS are bac...
 EXTREMITIES <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.85:1<b...
 Not many people remember "The Carey Treatment"...
 Hollywood always had trouble coming to terms w...
 Good sequel to Murder in a Small Town. In this...
 Fantastic movie. One to excite all 5 senses. I...
 After some further thought about this film, I ...
 EA have shown us that they can make a classic ...
 Ned aKelly is such an important story to Austr...
 Hi guys, this is my first review and I would h...
 This film is an entertaining, fun and quality ...
 Of all the kids movies I have seen over the ye...
 Sitting, Typing Nothing is the latest "what i...
 This is one of the better sci-fi series. It in...
 This film really got off to a great start. It ...
 This isn't a good movie. Plain and simple. Tak...
 Long, boring, blasphemous. Never have I been s...
 This is a great movie to look at, since it so ...
 here was no effort put into Valentine to preve...
 I've seen several of these body snatcher type ...
 Spoilers.<br /><br />First off, nothing really...
 Just when I thought nothing could be as offens...
 Let start off by first saying that I have been...
 'Checking Out' is an extraordinary film that t...
 This game show lasted just one season, but was...
 Comparing this movie to anything by Almodovar ...
 Lin McAdam (James Stewart) wins a rifle, a Win...
 Spoilers of both this and The Matrix follow.<b...
 Any story comprises a premise, characters and ...
 Doesn't anyone bother to check where this kind...
 Well, Tenko is without doubt the best British ...
 Michelle Rodriguez is the defining actress who...
 For loyal Duran Duran fans who want to watch a...
 Something strange is happening in Loch Ness. T...
 Wow, just caught this movie from Blockbuster a...
 If this is film noir, then noir must be French...
 i can't believe i actually watched this but i ...
 Grey Gardens is a world unto itself. Edith and...
 This movie was horrible, and it doesn't even d...
 This was one of the most contrived, tedious an...
 I'm sorry, but I cannot understand what people...
 First this movie was not that bad.It was enter...
 Hardly a masterpiece. Not so well written. Bea...
 (spoilers?)<br /><br />while the historical ac...
 Rock n' roll is a messy business and DiG! demo...
 This is one of my favourite martial arts movie...
 I always have a bit of distrust before watchin...
 It's difficult to criticize a movie with the t...
 I'm sorry, perhaps this is part of the wave of...
 I actually felt bad for the actors in this thi...
 I came away from this movie with the feeling t...
 I'm not saying anything new when I say that "R...
 My jaw fell so many times watching this flick,...
 This was such a beautiful film. Such an amazin...
 The film is a joy to watch, not just for the p...
 "Embarassing" is the only word to describe thi...
 Rating: 4 out of 10<br /><br />As this mini-se...
 Disney (and the wonderful folks at PIXAR of co...
 This is a great German slasher, that's often q...
 Please, If you're thinking about renting this ...
 Me and my girlfriend went to see this movie as...
 A truly accurate and unglamourous look into mo...
 I like the most of the Full Moon Pictures so I...
 Yeah, the archetype of a simple but inspiratio...
 Like almost everyone else who has commented on...
 Overall I would have to say that I liked the m...
 Personally, I find the movie to be quite a goo...
 The Ator series is a shining example of what B...
 This is one you can watch over and over and la...
 Why do the powers that be continue to cast Jen...
 For all the hoopla, respect and recognition th...
 Not only was he invariably annoying to listen ...
 Basically a road movie. The gay, transsexual, ...
 A surprising rent at a local video store, I wa...
 There are films that make careers. For George ...
 The other reviewers are way WAAAAY off as to w...
 My favourite police series of all time turns t...
 I love this movie, first and foremost because ...
 Put the blame on executive producer Wes Craven...
 *** WARNING! SPOILERS CONTAINED HEREIN! ***<br...
 "Family Guy" is probably the most ballsy sitco...
 Having avoided seeing the movie in the cinema,...
 I was giddy with girlish-glee when I found out...
 Pola X is a beautiful adaption of Herman Melvi...
 I went to see this movie with my 17 y.o. daugh...
 Directed by E. Elias Merhige "Begotten" is an ...
 Simply the best Estonian film that I have ever...
 This film plays in the 60s and is about an Ita...
 I watched this movie and the original Carlitos...
 Hayao Miyazaki has no equal when it comes to u...
 I swear I didn't mean to! I picked this out on...
 I love this movie and never get tired of watch...
 The best horror/sci-fi movie i have ever seen....
 this is by far one of the most pretentious fil...
 Everyone involved (and the audience) should se...
 SPOILER WARNING: There are some minor spoilers...
 I've just watched this again on the BBC Channe...
 I sat through almost one episode of this serie...
 Lulu (Louise Brooks) works as a typist and is ...
 Don't waste your time or money on going to see...
 I watched the DVD of this movie which also com...
 In case you're a self-acclaimed connoisseur of...
 Any evening with Jonathan Ross now means to me...
 Well, this may be one of the worst movies ever...
 I had the opportunity to see this film twice a...
 Eh oui, impossible n'est pas gaulois.<br /><br...
 A hard to find film which coasts on the still ...
 THE RAP, the book this movie was 'based' on wa...
 Like A Streetcar Named Desire (also directed b...
 Slashers.....well if you like horrors its defi...
 The story of Farewell to the King is intriguin...
 Many people like to point to this TV movie whe...
 It was probably just my DVD---but I would not ...
 I hate to even waste the time it takes to writ...
 WARNING: MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS<br /><br /> The ...
 When I bought 4 DVDs for £5.oo in a local shop...
 back in my high school days in Salina Kansas, ...
 "House of Games" is a flawlessly constructed f...
 One of the cornerstones of low-budget cinema i...
 Now, I flicked onto this just out of curiosity...
 This is primarily about love in WWII, yet we m...
 Man oh man! What a piece of crummy film-making...
 To sum this movie up, it is LaBute carrying hi...
 Cave Dwellers, or The Blade Mater, or whatever...
 This one hearkens back to the days of the mati...
 I watched the show 10 years ago and loved it!!...
 For three quarters of an hour, the story gradu...
 This is a film where the actors are all fine, ...
 Martin Lawrence is not a funny man i Runteldat...
 This is a thriller with a good concept, good a...
 This movie was beyond disappointment. Well act...
 Doyle had never wanted to resurrect Holmes fro...
 It was disgusting and painful. What a waste of...
 "Life stinks" is a parody of life and death, h...
 This was such a terrible film, almost a comedy...
 Because I would have never ever seen this movi...
 All of the X-Men movies were great. And I mean...
 This film takes a lot of liberties with the kn...
 Some amusing humor, some that falls flat, some...
 I feel really bad for reviewing this movie bec...
 Book of Revelations starts very well. Daniel, ...
 It's boring.<br /><br />It's slow.<br /><br />...
 Another lame attempt to make a movie "gritty" ...
 A delightfully unpretentious send up of Romeo ...
 Ostensibly a story about the young child of Ji...
 Just saying you've got a movie about John Holm...
 If you feel like wasting 86 minutes on a film ...
 Poor Whoopi Goldberg. Imagine her at a friend'...
 Despite a great soundtrack and the presence of...
 I was impressed with this film because of the ...
 Ariauna Albright is a really good actress but ...
 The original "Assault on Precinct 13" is gritt...
 First off, let me start with a quote a friend ...
 I was quite impressed with the narration by Ma...
 This in-name-only sequel to the classic ROADHO...
 The main problem with 9th Company (9 Rota) is ...
 The only reason The Duke Is Tops, one of sever...
 Once again Bronson's talent is mostly wasted o...
 Garlin did a great job. Nice concept well exec...
 Wow, not only is this film a "new lesson in re...
 A great ensemble cast! A fond remembrance of y...
 Illudere (to delude) comes from Latin verb 'lu...
 A glacier slide inside a cavernous ice mountai...
 One of the oddest, most strikingly eerie and c...
 Arthur Hunnicutt plays a very stereotypical ro...
 Watch it with an open mind, it is very differe...
 I had the privilege of being one of the Still ...
 Despite a tight narrative, Johnnie To's Electi...
 Meatballs is a classic comedy with so many lau...
 It's telling that as of the entry of this comm...
 Much has been made of Rohmer's use of digital ...
 The old man mouse in this cartoon would have y...
 The pace of this movie is quite slow. It takes...
 The funny sound that you may hear when you eye...
 As noted by other reviewers this is one of the...
 *** Contains Spoilers ***<br /><br />I did not...
 It is unusual to see a film where the performa...
 This overheated southern Gothic "mellerdramer"...
 I'm a sucker for a decent superhero movie. (I'...
 This film is very interesting. I have seen it ...
 I watched this movie after having so much of t...
 I didn't even know this was originally a made-...
 This is, without doubt, one of my favourite ho...
 Kar Wai Wong's incredibly impressive romance t...
 Chuck Jones's 'Hare Conditioned' is a fast pac...
 First week of May, every year brings back the ...
 ...in a TV-movie 70's kind of way. It's one of...
 I saw this in the market place at the Cannes F...
 ... And being let down bigger than ever before...
 I saw this film at the Toronto Film Festival, ...
 I'll start off right at the beginning by sayin...
 Young and attractive Japanese people are getti...
 This is a good film, no doubt, but with some o...
 THE D.I. (4 outta 5 stars) Wow, I certainly di...
 I enjoyed this film very much. I found it to b...
 As a writer and a lapsed Orthodox Jewish woman...
 This was the second of two filmed "Hamlets" in...
 Zombie movies are hot, I love 'em. Can't get e...
 I don't remember the last time I reacted to a ...
 In the beginning and throughout the movie, it ...
 Ever once in a while I run into a movie that i...
 When I first saw this movie, the first thing I...
 Worst horror film ever but funniest film ever ...
 I loved Dewaere in Series Noir. His talent is ...
 I saw this movie when it was first released an...
 this movie delivers. the best is when the awkw...
 I read all of the other comments which made th...
 This is a comedy version of "Strangers on a Tr...
 Unfortunately this original mix of action and ...
 The brainchild of comic strip pioneer Alex Ray...
 This is easily the worst Presley vehicle ever,...
 Even though this was set up to be a showcase f...
 And that's why historic/biographic movies are ...
 This movie is just plain bad. It isn't even wo...
 ...left behind when the ostensible heroine's V...
 If you made a genre flick in the late 80s, you...
 .... may seem far fetched.... but there really...
 Certainly this film is not for everybody---but...
 I don't know what this movie is about, really....
 This movie surely has one of the strangest the...
 The true life story of perhaps the greatest fo...
 Now, it would be some sort of cliché if i bega...
 John Huston was seriously ill when he made his...
 Yes, I admire the independent spirit of it all...
 Perhaps I missed something, but I found GOYA'S...
 I clerk in a video store, so I try to see the ...
 This wasn't funny in 1972. It's not funny now....
 When I was a little girl, I absolutely adored ...
 I think Lion King 1 1/2 is one of the best seq...
 I gather from reading the previous comments th...
 If your a fan of Airplane type movies this is ...
 One of the best if not the best rock'n'roll mo...
 This is the page for "House of Exorcism", but ...
 Another chapter in the ongoing question, whate...
 this became a cult movie in chinese college st...
 I walked into the movie theater, with no expec...
 I'm glad that this is available on DVD now. Th...
 Don't waste your time. One of those cool-looki...
 Making a movie about a Comic is hard to do. Ma...
 First of all, I became dissy after watching th...
 The portrayal of the Marines in this film is s...
 Yet another Die Hard straight to video rip off...
 Garam Masala is one of the funniest film I've ...
 Week after week these women just sweep all the...
 This documentary has been aired on both RTE an...
 Or maybe that's what it feels like. Anyway, "T...
 Warning: Spoilers Galore!<br /><br />Tim Burto...
 This movie is a fascinating example of Luis Bu...
 Saw this again recently on Comedy Central. I'd...
 OK, to start with, this movie was not at all l...
 Directed by a veteran Hollywood director Henry...
 Phoned work sick - watched this in bed and it ...
 There is not one character on this sitcom with...
 The wife and I saw a preview of this movie whi...
 I haven't seen the first two - only this one w...
 This mess starts off with a real tank running ...
 I really like Ryan Reynolds and Hope Davis and...
 Theres not much you can really say about this ...
 This movie was awesome. It's a documentary abo...
 To preface this review, I must say that I was,...
 Let's see: what are the advantages to watching...
 For one thing, he produced this movie. It has ...
 Massive multiple chills down the spine! I'm su...
 Contains spoilers The movie plot can be summar...
 This is the best dub I've ever heard by Disney...
 Featuring a fascinating performance by Will Sm...
 After high school Track & Field athelete, Laur...
 If there's one theme of this film, it's that p...
 The summary pretty much sums it all up. This i...
 Dead Man's Bounty (the film's American title) ...
 1st watched 2/25/2002 - 4 out of 10(Dir-George...
 Beautiful art direction, excellent editing and...
 This is Wes Craven at his worst! this is the v...
 While a pleasant enough musical, what stuck wi...
 As with most Rosalind Russell movies, this one...
 Terrible acting by Potter and a flat plot with...
 Probably somebody heard of Alberto Tomba. A fo...
 I have never commented on a film before. I wat...
 The Kid was born retarded. It pulls in a half-...
 I don't understand how "2 of us" receive such ...
 Good Deaths. Good Mask. Cool Axe. Good Looking...
 A gem from Japan, where so many of the world's...
 Visually cluttered, plot less, incredibly mind...
 OK,so this film is NOT very well known,and was...
 Reeves plays Haji Murad, a hero in 1850's Russ...
 My brother-in-law and his wife brought the mov...
 Now, I'm a big fan of Zombie movies. I admit Z...
 I'm amazed that "The Hospital" has been so wel...
 Okay, as a long time Disney fan, I really -hat...
 What was an exciting and fairly original serie...
 Cast to die for in a movie that is considerabl...
 An "independant" film that, from the back of t...
 I just finished watching this movie. It wasn't...
 LL Cool J. Morgan Freeman. Dylan McDermott. Ke...
 Very heart warming and uplifting movie. Outsta...
 Dude, really!!!! where have you guys been the ...
 Guy Pearce almost looks like Flynn, and this r...
 This movie was pretentious, foppish and just d...
 This is the second movie about 1985, the other...
 OK,I've seen over 100 Troma films, and some of...
 This fake documentary is flawed on a lot of po...
 For a long time, this was my favorite of the B...
 Starting off, here's a synopsis: Porno queen A...
 He pulled the guys guts out his butt! That's a...
 This movie promised bat people. It didn't deli...
 I saw the film many times, and every time I am...
 I loved KOLCHAK: THE NIGHT STALKER since I saw...
 This feels as if it is a Czech version of Pear...
 When, oh, when will someone like Anchor Bay or...
 "Just before dawn " is one of the best slasher...
 A very courageous attempt to bring one of the ...
 If 1977's "Exorcist II: The Heretic" did him n...
 The Movie I thought was excellent it was suppo...
 Now I'll be the first to admit it when I say s...
 This film captured my heart from the very begi...
 This film made John Glover a star. Alan Raimy ...
 I really enjoyed Girl Fight. It something I co...
 Jimmy Stewart brings the story of Charles Lind...
 This movie is the best film ever. I can't reme...
 Saw this film on DVD yesterday and was gob-sma...
 Quick summary of the book: Boy, Billy Tepper, ...
 I really, really didn't expect this type of a ...
 Jack Higgins' straightforward thriller about a...
 I just finished watching Dog Watch. I thought ...
 Carrie Fisher has stated on more than one occa...
 At school I was taught how some shots were cal...
 "Love is a Many-Splendored Thing" is set in Ho...
 black tar can't be snorted there's a documenta...
 I rented Dark Harvest (the first one) because ...
 Harrison Ford playing a playing a cop in a cri...
 Jude law gives Keanu Reeves a run for his mone...
 pardon my spelling. This is probably the funni...
 This movie sets out to do something very parti...
 This is a great film. If this is any indicatio...
 How does David Lynch do it? Unlike the legions...
 Here is another great film critics will love. ...
 Most who go to this movie will have an idea wh...
 Watching this film for the action is rather a ...
 The only good part about this film is the beau...
 Honestly, this is easily in the top 5 of the w...
 K Murli Mohan Rao made the much better BANDHAN...
 I just saw The Drugs Years on VH1 and I love i...
 This is a total waste of money. The production...
 Why I disliked the movie, apart from the sheer...
 I resisted seeing this movie and I understand ...
 Following up the 1970s classic horror film Car...
 When I was young, I was a big fan of Chuck Nor...
 Philo Vance (William Powell) helps solve multi...
 Let's face it, this is a pretty bad film.Howev...
 "Are You in the House Alone?" belongs to the p...
 I recently bought this movie for three bucks a...
 This movie is the last straw in a list of film...
 Jason Connery is not an actor; he is the son o...
 Twins Effect, starring some of HK's most popul...
 wow...this has got to be the DUMBEST movie I'v...
 OK, I would give this a 1, but I'm gonna give ...
 I felt this movie was as much about human sexu...
 A hilarious comedy by the best director ever, ...
 Director Todd Verow's unexpected turn into sen...
 This was truly a tense and dark episode. Excel...
 OK, this movie starts out like a cheesy Lifeti...
 I wasn't expecting the highest calibre of film...
 I finally got hold of Lifeforce on DVD with th...
 It was hard for me to believe all of the negat...
 I had a heck of a good time viewing this pictu...
 Surely no Saturday morning TV kids' show was e...
 Bogdonovich's (mostly) unheralded classic is a...
 The "Trivia" page on IMDb claims the filmmaker...
 I must admit I am a big fan of South Park and ...
 At first sight, Who's Singing Over There just ...
 Though I saw this movie about 4 years ago long...
 What can be said, really... "The Tenant" is a ...
 Is it possible to give a 0 out of 10 rating? B...
 This movie is a loose collection of unintellig...
 Okay, that was just brilliant. I wish that the...
 The beginning voice over sounds like 'The Wind...
 After the opening credits over a black sheet o...
 Whenever this film gets a mention, usually the...
 Dan Duryea, a perfectly decent B-movie actor w...
 Only the most ardent DORIS DAY fan could find ...
 Though this series only ran a season, it has s...
 The idea of bringing Dracula to contemporary t...
 The first time I came upon Delirious, I only h...
 Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for St...
 One of the most boring slashers ever.. If you ...
 This is the worst piece of crap I have seen re...
 Ah, I loved this movie. I think it had it all....
 For a scientifically-engineered super-dog that...
 this is a teen movie and while u watch it expe...
 If you are a Pauly Shore fan, you will laugh y...
 Not only is The Great Rock N Roll Swindle thor...
 It was 1983 and I was 13. I watched Valley Gir...
 I usually love teen/high school genre flicks, ...
 I would have enjoyed this movie slightly more ...
 Such a delightful movie! Very heart warming. O...
 While I agree that this was the most horrendou...
 Highly enjoyable, very imaginative, and filmic...
 Although George C. Scott is the only actor in ...
 There's really not a whole lot to say about th...
 CHRISTMAS IN AUGUST is a perfect movie. A flaw...
 This was a wonderful film. How these women tri...
 I felt that the movie Skammen, directed by Ing...
 In my opinion the directing, editing, lighting...
 Oh my god, it just doesn't get any worse than ...
 Before watching this movie from beginning to e...
 How did so many talented or at least charismat...
 This is without a doubt the worst movie I have...
 I am a Christian... and I feel this movie is a...
 For all the viewers who have seen 'The Cure' w...
 If you were to judge based on the movie alone,...
 The film starts with a manager (Nicholas Bell)...
 PROBLEM CHILD is one of the worst movies I hav...
 This is probably one of those films too many c...
 This movie is based on the true story of Iowa ...
 I classify this as the worst movie of all time...
 If not the best movie ever made, "Babette's Fe...
 This film Evil Breed: The legend of samhain co...
 This obscure de Sica delivers the goods. And i...
 I get the feeling that the producers of this m...
 Just do a little research on the making of thi...
 As one other IMDb reviewer puts it, "...imagin...
 Back in the cold and creepy early 90's,a show ...
 I remember when this NBC mini-series aired whe...
 "Match Point" and now "Scoop" have both convin...
 I had to walk out on this film fifteen minutes...
 This had a good story...it had a nice pace and...
 In 1967 I saw an outstanding Musical at the Wi...
 Without a doubt, this is the big momma of all ...
 Who in the world told Harrison Ford that this ...
 The film is pretty confusing and ludicrous. Th...
 Humm, an Italian movie starred by David hassel...
 This is a movie about a man everybody thinks i...
 Left Behind is an incredible waste of more tha...
 Joe is the movie about the dark side of the fo...
 This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a...
 I was looking forward to this flick. Being an ...
 This was the worst Wrestlemania in history. Th...
 Completely overlooking the whole movie adaptat...
 Even by the lowered standards of '80s slasher ...
 In 1913, in Carlton Mine, Addytown, Pennsylvan...
 This is a very chilling, and for the most part...
 Dieter Bohlen, Germany's notorious composer an...
 Jackie Chan is considered by many film and mar...
 Poor Tobe Hopper. He directed an all time horr...
 With Nurse Betty (2000), acclaimed indie film-...
 This film is so lovingly made you want to be p...
 Sappy.<br /><br />I liked how they went to the...
 While walking to buy cigarettes, the professio...
 Any chance to see Katharine Hepburn in somethi...
 The movie 'Gung Ho!': The Story of Carlson's M...
 This film is titled "Junior Pilot" here on IMD...
 I was very disappointed with this series. It h...
 If it were possible to distill the heart and s...
 I'll admit I've only watched a handful of epis...
 This is a movie that gets better each time I s...
 This was surely the stupidest, crudest, most r...
 When I rented this movie, I half expected it t...
 Meester Sharky, you look so ... normal. You wo...
 As a Christian, I found this movie to be compl...
 Hear are some of the interesting things our co...
 "Once again, we have a movie that packs about ...
 Although I'm not a golf fan, I attended a snea...
 (Some Spoilers) Dull as dishwater slasher flic...
 I was one of those "few Americans" that grew u...
 How can the viewer rating for this movie be ju...
 Maybe in its day this movie was special. But f...
 Lets get one thing out of the way. I am a HUGE...
 This movie tells about the real life story of ...
 ** possible spoilers **<br /><br />I like this...
 How important is the director, anyway? In this...
 I like CKY and Viva La Bam, so I couldn't resi...
 This is probably the funniest thing I have eve...
 A young scientist is trying to carry on his de...
 I recently rented the animated version of The ...
 Here is a movie that almost gets it all right,...
 This is one of the very best films i've seen i...
 This is the kind of film that everyone involve...
 The point of the vastly extended preparatory p...
 Although perhaps not as entertaining as some o...
 This might be the WWE's 2nd best PPV of the ye...
 Having seen most of Ringo Lam's films, I can s...
 Alfred Hitchcock's more assured telling of a f...
 Somewhere between the Food Court and Zip's, th...
 If you have read the books then forget the cha...
 I have been a fan of Pushing Daisies since the...
 For a made-for-TV "horror" movie the movie sta...
 Scott is right. The best 2 person sword duel e...
 Gung Ho tries to express many ideas and entert...
 I found this film the first time when I was se...
 Assault on Precinct 13: 3/10: Let us forget fo...
 The Clouded Yellow is a compact psychological ...
 Pretty bad movie offers nothing new. The usual...
 It would appear that some previous reviewers m...
 Such a film of beauty that it's hard to descri...
 The making of The Thief Of Bagdad is quite a s...
 As a horror-movie fan I try to watch all signi...
 A film that dramatized an understandable reluc...
 The MTV sci-fi animated series "Æon Flux" is b...
 Obviously a film that has had great influence ...
 Yes Pigeon and Coburn are great, and it's inte...
 Yes. I'll admit it. I believed all the hype su...
 This is one of the best ensemble comedy/musica...
 What a shame. What a terrible shame. The table...
 A film that reveals the unease of modern men a...
 I started watching The Apprentice about 4 year...
 I watched this film with a bunch of friends at...
 Panic is a sneaky little gem of a film - you t...
 This movie was very good because it remember w...
 Well, there is a plenty of ways how to spoil a...
 This movie is great! This movie is beautiful! ...
 Nice description of the situation in the US, i...
 OK, plain and simple, if you are a fan of the ...
 I imagine when Hitchcock scholars and experts ...
 One the whole, this movie isn't perfect. It do...
 Horror fans (I'm speaking to the over 12's, al...
 I can remember seeing this movie when I was ve...
 This movie's only redeeming factor was the fac...
 When i saw the preview for this on TV i was th...
 Tobe Hooper (fresh off mainstream success with...
 In addition to the fact that this is just an a...
 Fate puts a pair of priceless items in Ernest'...
 I was about 7 when this DIRE MONSTROSITY of a ...
 Basically this is about a couple who want to a...
 The limited scenery views were the only saving...
 I went to see this movie with a lady freind of...
 Around 1980, the name Godfrey Ho was attached ...
 This movie was really awful. It was not in the...
 "Happy Days" was produced and broadcast from t...
 I can hardly believe I watched this again last...
 okay... first to Anne rice BOOK fans....<br />...
 This movie is horrible. THe acting is a waste ...
 I am an Australian currently living in Japan. ...
 This is a really interesting film. It's the fi...
 I was expecting a little something from "K-911...
 This stinker is in mystifyingly frequent rotat...
 A letter to the guys. I tried guys, I really t...
 I picked this DVD up for 3.99 at rogers video ...
 I watched this movie for the first time ever o...
 right the hospital scene with Holly and Shanno...
 Mankind's Self awakening is the theme of "2001...
 A very carelessly written film. Poor character...
 Well that's 90 minutes of my life I won't get ...
 This was a great romantic comedy! Historically...
 This Metro film is episodic, but nearly a cons...
 Well to answer one persons's question of "why ...
 Henry Thomas showed a restraint, even when the...
 "The Foreigner" is a tale of foreign intrigue ...
 I just got it and it is a great movie!! i love...
 Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famo...
 Two things -- too long and totally lacked cred...
 I was intrigued by the title, so during a smal...
 For me,this is one of the best movies i ever s...
 I saw this ego-centric "effort" at achieving a...
 I haven't seen this film in years, but the awf...
 TOM HULCE* turns in yet another Oscar-worthy p...
 If you have sons or daughters who love action,...
 This is by far and away the stupidest thing I ...
 This documentary was boring, and quite stupid....
 Here is a favorite Tom & Jerry cartoon perfect...
 I first saw this back in the early 90s on UK T...
 This is a documentary about homeless women. It...
 The first 20 minutes were a little fun because...
 I had the privilege of watching Scarface on th...
 I bought this film on DVD so I could get an ep...
 After huge budget disaster films set in Americ...
 "ASTONISHING" Screams the LA Times from the fr...
 I broke my own rule buying this movie from the...
 I consider myself a huge movie buff. I was sic...
 Tremendous black--and-white nighttime cinemato...
 I love Sarah Waters's Fingersmith, and was wor...
 Hitchcock made at least 11 films about the ord...
 Forbidden Siren is based upon the Siren 2 Play...
 The film "Cross Eyed" by Adam Jones propels th...
 This is the first movie i've seen of John Sing...
 I don't expect a lot from ghost stories, but I...
 "Girlfight" is much more of a coming-of-age-st...
 In this excellent Twentieth-Century Fox film-n...
 A beautiful shopgirl in London is swept off he...
 I'm sorry to say that, but this is actually on...
 Since was only a toddler when this show origin...
 Scary Movie 3 (2003) was a bad idea to begin w...
 I have come out of several years of lurking on...
 . . .but it was on a UHF channel and the recep...
 Another Aussie masterpiece, this delves into t...
 This movie is amazing. The plot was just...wow...
 Everyone's favorite trio of bumbling imbeciles...
 This film is brilliant! It touches everyone wh...
 Purple Rain... what else can i say, the title ...
 this movie is outrageous. by outrageous, i mea...
 Can't grade this very well, because I can't sa...
 Carter Wong plays a noble hero on a quest for ...
 So this was an HBO "Made for TV Movie" eh? Is ...
 You know you're in trouble when the opening na...
 This depiction of forlorn Japanese forces in t...
 solid documentary about edgey kids who first s...
 I went into this movie expecting it to be real...
 You know, I really have a problem with movie l...
 I found this little gem as an extra feature on...
 This movie is one of the many "Kung Fu" action...
 If you liked the Grinch movie... go watch that...
 OK well i found this movie in my dads old pile...
 This must be one of the worse movies that I ha...
 This engaging (which it shouldn't be) low-grad...
 Calling this a "Sunday School" movie might be ...
 First off I must stress how rare it is that I ...
 I saw this movie when it first came out in 197...
 The One is a very aptly name show, mostly beca...
 It's a rehash of many recent films only this o...
 This is one of the shallowest episodes in that...
 Never heard of this movie,saw it on DVD.Great ...
 Originally supposed to be just a part of a hug...
 Malcolm McDowell has not had too many good mov...
 This is a great film - esp when compared with ...
 Let me make one thing clear.for the most part...
 The number of goofs in this episode was higher...
 The idea of nine stupid prisoners escaping and...
 "Checking Out" is a very witty and honest port...
 This is a must for All but especially African ...
 Sorry to go against the flow but I thought thi...
 this independent film was one of the best film...
 all i can say is that each time i see CONRACK,...
 While the soundtrack is a bit dated, this stor...
 Edmund Burke said that "all evil needs is for ...
 I'm a huge Randolph Scott fan, but this film i...
 This is a good film for 99% of the duration. I...
 "House of the Dead 2: Dead Aim" (2005) is the ...
 Valley Girl is an exceptionally well made film...
 This film has to be one of the most boring fil...
 This movie introduces quite an array of charac...
 This is like "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" ...
 Wow, I hated this movie. The subject matter sh...
 first off, i'm amazed to see that this film ha...
 Normally I love finding old (and some not-so-o...
 I've heard a few comments, particularly from p...
 I have some great memories watching "Robin of ...
 Why does this have such a low rating? I really...
 Everyonce in a while,4kids brings new shows to...
 Inspired casting, charming and witty throughou...
 Van Damme. What else can I say? Bill Goldberg....
 I first saw this film when I was flipping thro...
 Wings Hauser and son, Cole Hauser team up to m...
 This movie has it all. Sight gags, subtle joke...
 I am an avid fan of Lucio Fulci, and yet I mus...
 Norman, Is That You? was (this is all third ha...
 For me too, this Christmas special is one that...
 Against my own better judgment I went to see t...
 Maybe I'm biased to foxes, fox stories and all...
 I think scarecrows are creepy, so it's a pity ...
 Shocking, well-made chiller is an undervalued ...
 argh! this film hurts my head. and not in a go...
 I've seen this film several times in a variety...
 Ed Gein: The Butcher of Plainfield is set in t...
 I mean, I thought I heard this dialog in the m...
 Like I said its a hidden surprise. It well wri...
 Some people might consider this movie a piece ...
 This film tackles the subjects of loss, person...
 After starting watching the re-runs of old Col...
 This film is hilarious. Brilliant comedy, but ...
 This is a fantastic series first and foremost....
 Lizzie Borden's Love Crimes is an important fi...
 This could be well have been THE definitive fi...
 One Crazy Summer is a fun and quirky look at l...
 While a bit preachy on the topic of progress a...
 Cuba Gooding Jr. and Ed Harris are touching. T...
 Brokedown Palace is the story of two best frie...
 This was the worst acted movie I've ever seen ...
 Publicity for this film suggests that it is sh...
 I really love this show, it's like reading a b...
 An atrocious offense to the memory and genius ...
 I'm glad I didn't pay to see 'The Wog Boy'.<br...
 Calling this a romantic comedy is accurate but...
 Having seen the short a number of times at hor...
 This game has the(dis)honor of being the first...
 This movie has too many things going on. Anoth...
 For years I hesitated watching this movie. Now...
 Sure this movie wasn't like. 16 blocks, inside...
 Working girl Kitty (Sothern) is engaged to Bil...
 Comedy? What's so funny about watching an ugly...
 I've loved this movie ever since it first came...
 This cartoon was strange, but the story actual...
 Now i have never ever seen a bad movie in all ...
 This movie was one of the worst I've ever seen...
 Before I comment about this movie, you should ...
 The movie is really about choices. In the oppr...
 If you want to waste a small portion of your l...
 It looks like people involved with this movie ...
 Never mind the serious logic gaps, never mind ...
 The Presentation is VERY shabby. (to my notion...
 I caught up with this movie on TV after 30 yea...
 This film basically try to portray the heroism...
 Only the Antichrist could have been behind suc...
 Kate is a jaded young woman who has trouble me...
 In this film I prefer Deacon Frost. He's so se...
 Stay Alive has a very similar story to some As...
 Having seen three other versions of the same f...
 I have seen this film three times now, and eac...
 Ik know it is impossible to keep all details o...
 So, neighbor was killing neighbor. Reminds me ...
 Beautiful film, pure Cassavetes style. Gena Ro...
 In World War II, a badly burned amnesiac known...
 I rented this movie about 3 years ago, and it ...
 I'm a Boorman fan, but this is arguably his le...
 We've all got to start somewhere, it was in fi...
 I can't believe this isn't a huge cult hit. Pe...
 When I was younger, this movie always aired on...
 The title doesn't make much sense to me. I'm n...
 What can I say? I couldn't sleep and I came ac...
 This movie was a major disappointment on direc...
 Will Smith is perfectly endearing as the "Rela...
 The Ballad of Django is a meandering mess of a...
 "Don't bother to watch this film" would be bet...
 As a youth pastor I heard good things about th...
 The 1994 film production of Heart of Darkness ...
 I don't know, maybe I just wasn't in the mood ...
 This is one of the most underrated movies of t...
 This movie is truly amazing,over the years I h...
 This movie was excellent. It details the strug...
 The picture is developed in 1873 and talks as ...
 This can be one of the most enjoyable movies e...
 After their star cross-country runner dies aft...
 The movie Jennifer with Ida Lupino and Howard ...
 Historical drama and coming of age story invol...
 Soylent Green IS...a really good movie, actual...
 The only thing I expected that this film didn'...
 I love these actors, but they were wasted in t...
 There are no spoilers here... Because there is...
 For the most part, I only enjoy the kind of mo...
 I originally posted the first user comment on ...
 I disagree with much that has been written and...
 Snakes on a Train is a movie I rented due to t...
 I've always found the dilettante Man Ray and h...
 Greenthumb Grace is left penniless after her h...
 When HULK hit theaters in 2003, it wasn't long...
 ***SPOILERS*** Well made and interesting film ...
 He really lost the plot with this one! None of...
 Being a fan of Saint Etienne and the City of L...
 I laughed out loud several times during this f...
 'Moonstruck' is a love story. There is not one...
 College students, who are clearing out a conde...
 Don't you just hate them slashers that never s...
 This film is being described as a comedy, but ...
 What is the most harrowing movie ever made? Th...
 I watched all three segments and am so disappo...
 well done giving the perspective of the other ...
 This is the worst sequel on the face of the wo...
 I just rented this today....heard lots of good...
 Forget Jimmy Stewart reliving his life and opt...
 Patricia Arquette plays American doctor Laura ...
 It might be a stretch saying this as a die-har...
 I can't believe they even released such a movi...
 I was rooting for this film as it's a remake o...
 How is it in this day and era, people are stil...
 "It wasn't me! It was, er, my twin brother Rup...
 Great documentary about the lives of NY firefi...
 I'm going to write about this movie and about ...
 This movie is best described or compare to "Bi...
 The final installment sees Sho Aikawa and Riki...
 FOLLOWING the business coup of the year of 194...
 There are good movies, and there are bad movie...
 The movie "MacArthur" begins and ends at Gen. ...
 I was reading in a Stuff Magazine about some o...
 Few people realize it, but there was world lit...
 It's a shame that this piece of work wasn't ac...
 When I was over at Hollywood video I looked th...
 This is one of Barbara Stanwyck's earlier film...
 Saw this film at the NFT in London where it wa...
 I wholeheartedly disagree with the other viewe...
 It WAS supposed to be the last Freddy movie (a...
 This has got to be the WORSE move I've EVER se...
 I really love this movie!!! I haven't played F...
 We bought this film from a shop called Poundla...
 Certainly one of the finest movies I have seen...
 It may not have had the big budgets, celebriti...
 First of all, no one with any law enforcement ...
 I really tried to like this film about a docto...
 I was at Wrestlemania VI in Toronto as a 10 ye...
 One of the worst movies I've ever seen. Acting...
 The word 'classic' is thrown around too loosel...
 Cobb. It sucked. I learned nothing about the m...
 Though it had the misfortune to hit the festiv...
 Through the years I've been very much interest...
 Anyone who will pay to see Troma movies knows,...
 Many of these other viewers complain that the ...
 It's really annoying when good movies like thi...
 I didn't like watching DS9 compared to other S...
 Leon Errol handles his double role of Uncle Ma...
 This is one of those "so bad it is good" films...
 This film, Blade Master, may be cheap, clumsy ...
 Loved it! This has to be the best horror flick...
 this is the most overrated show on television....
 I watched Sleeper Cell with a bit of trepidati...
 I am shocked. Shocked and dismayed that the 42...
 Despite some occasionally original touches, li...
 if i had watched this movie when i hit rock bo...
 No matter how well meaning his "message" is - ...
 ''Wallace & Gromit in The Curse of the Were-Ra...
 The voyage here is a search for God, the big g...
 Louis Khan was one of the most influential arc...
 If I rate the film maybe a bit high, you can b...
 All of David Prior's movies are terrible on al...
 Wow! An amazing, lost piece of Australiana AND...
 What a great movie!! It's a touching story abo...
 If I hadn't been forced to watch this for work...
 Strangeland (1998) D: John Pieplow. Kevin Gage...
 As long as you go into this movie with the und...
 I had a bad feeling when I saw the cheap title...
 Seriously, I can easily stomach a lot of on sc...
 A movie theater with a bad history of past gru...
 The first time I saw this film, I wanted to li...
 I have watched some pretty poor films in the p...
 The fact that a film is on DVD doesn't guarant...
 I'm not a huge Star Trek fan, but I was lookin...
 I loved the gorgeous Greek scenery but the sto...
 I remember this game. It was always sitting on...
 OK i own this DVD i got it new at amazon... i ...
 A splendid example of how Hollywood could (and...
 Attack Force has a horrendous title, and can a...
 "The Secretary" is one of those cheesy, cliche...
 I've watched a lot of television in my 51 year...
 I don't understand how this garbage got on the...
 First of all this was not a three hour movie -...
 The first noticeable problem about this awkwar...
 This has got to be the worst horror movie I ha...
 A good picture is worth all the words. This fi...
 I have just finished watching this movie, and ...
 I don't remember seeing another murder/mystery...
 This is a weak sequel: it lacks the interest a...
 The hysterical Hardware Wars is finally out on...
 This was an interesting study in societal sexu...
 I would give this a zero if they had that rati...
 Apart from having the longest reign in British...
 This film is a sleeper because Rod Steiger's i...
 Ah, Lucio Fulci, rest in peace. This infamous ...
 The idea that anyone could of concocted such a...
 What can be said of the compelling performance...
 I watched this movie a couple of days ago in a...
 Ok, everybody agreed on what was the best seas...
 First off, I have been a fan of the show back ...
 This is one of those movies that I've seen so ...
 The coming attractions to "The Order" make it ...
 An absolutely baffling western featuring flash...
 Since starting to read the book this movie is ...
 ***spoilers***spoilers***spoilers***spoilers<b...
 Well Folks, this is another stereotypic portra...
 This movie was SO stupid~!!! I could not bare ...
 Getting Eaten By A Bunch Of Snakes Is More Ent...
 I just watched it last night and it was great....
 Although allegedly autobiographical, this movi...
 (spoilers??)<br /><br />I wasn't sure what to ...
 I saw this film when it first came out and hat...
 I've never saw the first three, but I know the...
 Maybe we Aussies just have a totally different...
 Drive was an enjoyable episode with a dark end...
 I have always been a huge fan of "Homicide: Li...
 Unfortunately this film, 54 was a pathetic att...
 This is another classic Seagal movie. He walks...
 The one who says that Lucio Fulci is not one o...
 Rated E <br /><br />I never actually owned a N...
 Ok, I wrote a scathing review b/c the movie is...
 When you get your hands on a British film you ...
 Featuring a few of Hammer's all-stars, this hi...
 "Xizao", is the tale about the clash of modern...
 I normally don't like romantic films, but I lo...
 I loved this show but then I don't remember ev...
 Now this is classic. A friend of mine told me ...
 This video guide was the masterpiece of the ye...
 Camp Blood is an absolutely atrocious slasher ...
 The cookie-cutter gets to work overtime in thi...
 Note: After writing this review I see that thi...
 Boring, predictable, by-the-numbers horror out...
 After seeing only half of the film in school b...
 After three hours in the Cinema hall,the stron...
 Probably one of the prime examples of followin...
 Don't believe all of the negative reviews this...
 Best show since Seinfeld. She's really really ...
 The first step to getting off of that road tha...
 Seriously any film with John Malkovich is usua...
 One of my favourite films. It has everything -...
 Having watched the first scene, I realized the...
 Eric Phillips (Don Wilson) is a secret service...
 I enjoyed watching Cliffhanger, at the beginni...
 After his earlier movie "Videodrome", which de...
 Naturally Sadie is by far the worst show i hav...
 I see a lot of people liked this movie. To me ...
 I don't know how anyone could hate this movie....
 I loved this thing. The most wonderful thing a...
 Gurinda Chada's semi-autobiographical film (20...
 This is what I call a "pre Sci Fi; Sci Fi" mov...
 Easily one of my favourite dramatic TV films, ...
 Here's the kind of love story that I do enjoy ...
 Cyber zone, as this DVD was sold in Oz, is abo...
 Its taken a few viewings for me to really wrap...
 <br /><br />Everything is relative seems to be...
 There have been many movies featuring Bigfoot,...
 Y'know, it's very interesting watching this......
 Aussie Shakespeare for 18-24 set.with blood ,b...
 Horrible acting, horrible cast and cheap props...
 In the wake of the matrix this travesty of a f...
 I enjoyed this series, but felt that the whole...
 Although too young to remember the first showi...
 I knew five minutes after the monster made his...
 Notable only as the acting debut of future big...
 It's very simple to qualify that movie: "A PUR...
 OK...this MAY contain Spoilers...but who reall...
 Maybe it's just because I have an intense fear...
 It's been a looooonnnggg time since I saw this...
 If there's one good suspenseful film, this is ...
 An unconventional historical drama, with some ...
 I caught this show a few times when I was youn...
 "All men are guilty," says the chief of the po...
 I generally LIKE watching Burt Lancaster's fil...
 Errol Flynn at his best as Robin Hood of the W...
 Used to watch this when i was very little, the...
 This is a title in search of a movie. It's a p...
 If you're a long-time fan of the Doctor and yo...
 I have seen this movie and in all honestly was...
 For a "no budget" movie this thing rocks. I do...
 This Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle comedy is best re...
 Interesting concept that just doesn't make it....
 The Frozen Limits is a big screen vehicle for ...
 First off, I'm not here to dog this movie. I f...
 Why Jessie Matthews, one of Britains top music...
 "Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters" is a visual...
 this movie is trash because, out of many reaso...
 Jim Carrey and Morgan Freeman along with Jenni...
 Barbara Stanwyck gives this early Douglas Sirk...
 Great movie. Post-apocalyptic films kick ass. ...
 But not too hip. And not too wisecracking. "Ju...
 not many people outside poland have had an opp...
 A classy film pulled in 2 directions. To its a...
 This movie is the worst I've seen in the last ...
 Above all, you must not take this movie seriou...
 Another made for TV piece of junk! This is an ...
 May I never have to go to this hospital [or ho...
 Minor spoilers<br /><br />First I must say how...
 As a word of explanation, Disney's "The Kid" h...
 Cruel Intentions 2 is bloody awful, I mean ube...
 The ScareCrow was on of the funniest Killers I...
 Being a fan of cheesy horror movies, I saw thi...
 <br /><br />I used to like some of the Hollywo...
 This Was One Scary Movie.<br /><br />Brad Pitt...
 This picture reminds me of a Keneth More pictu...
 Anyone who has experienced the terrors of divo...
 The directing is brilliant, the casting is rem...
 This is a children's TV series about a Mary-Su...
 This is a pretty well known one so i won't get...
 Enough is enough...sometimes they just need to...
 This film was the first British teen movie to ...
 Saw this film during the Mod & Rockers fest in...
 Take "Rambo," mix in some "Miami Vice," slice ...
 this movie is not as bad as some say it is inf...
 It is a shame that this series hasn't been rem...
 Martin Ritt's first film offers an exceptional...
 And a rather Unexpected plot line too-for the ...
 Being one of the founding fathers of my region...
 Also known as the Big Spook War. The Great Yok...
 The opening of "The Jungle" promises us a safa...
 This film is one of the best of all time, cert...
 In celebration of Earth Day Disney has release...
 This is definitely one of the best kung fu mov...
 The girls might be prettier if you're their ac...
 (Very light spoilers, maybe.) <br /><br />Norm...
 This movie pretty much surprised me. I didn't ...
 In a recent biography of Alec Guinness I could...
 Best of the Zorro serials and one of my favori...
 The show is about two sisters living together....
 The line, of course, is from the Lord's Prayer...
 I loved watching the original Azumi with its m...
 Leaving aside the drawbacks and deficiencies o...
 I cannot argue with other comments that the st...
 On the basis of the preview I'd seen, I went t...
 <br /><br />If you like rap or hip-hop, watch ...
 *I mark where there are spoilers! Overall comm...
 This film is not funny. It is not entertaining...
 Evening is an entertaining movie with quite so...
 There can be no questions of spoilers for this...
 If you are used to seeing Gabriel Byrne in ser...
 Besides Planes, Trains and Automobiles and Unc...
 This was a great movie but it had the worst en...
 It's difficult to know where this adaptation s...
 Watched this film at a local festival, the Sil...
 Though it hardly compares to other sci-fi film...
 This is one of those topics I can relate to a ...
 How often do you see a film of any kind that h...
 First of all, this movie is 34 minutes long, w...
 The 60's is a great movie(I saw it completely ...
 I think I've seen all of the Grisham movies no...
 First when does this storyline take place? It ...
 Another Raquel Welch Classic! This Picture hit...
 This stalk and slash turkey manages to bring n...
 This is one of the most satisfying of the book...
 I agree with the comments regarding the downwa...
 So many people loved this movie, yet there are...
 New Year's Day. The day after consuming a few ...
 It seems that Hack has been described as un-re...
 This movie is just about as good as the first ...
 In one respect, it's like 'The Wizard of Oz,' ...
 Black Water, co-directed and written by David ...
 L'Homme Blesse is not for an impatient, advent...
 Though I've yet to review the movie in about t...
 I really liked TWO COYOTES. One of my friends ...
 Here we have the inimitable Charlie Chaplin fo...
 This movie moved me more than I was expecting,...
 A small pleasure in life is walking down the o...
 The Order starts in Rome where the head of a s...
 Stu Ungar is considered by many to be the grea...
 Deathstalker is directed by John Watson and it...
 A vastly underrated black comedy, the finest i...
 Slipknot is a heavy metal band from the great ...
 I was shocked by the ridiculously unbelievable...
 The `plot' of this film contains a few holes y...
 I remember seeing this one in the theatres whe...
 some would argue this is better mainly because...
 If you loved Long Way Round you will enjoy thi...
 This movie makes me want to throw up every tim...
 I saw this on the Sci-Fi Channel so I knew it ...
 I enjoyed this movie okay, it just could have ...
 When one thinks of Soviet cinema, the propagan...
 Sigh... what can I say? <br /><br />Why does a...
 Been lurking for a couple of years or so. I ha...
 Milla stands out in this movie because of her ...
 I enjoyed this film. The way these mutants loo...
 It's important to check your expectations when...
 From the late Sydney Pollack comes a grown up ...
 I'm not sure what. I just couldn't laugh at it...
 Pandora's Clock is among the best thrillers yo...
 I wasn't able to last ten minutes on the this ...
 A message movie, but a rather good one. Outsta...
 In Michele Soavi's confusing art-house zombie ...
 It's Showtime! Showtime is simply a bump in Ed...
 I will commend it in only one respect.. it was...
 Oh, Yawn. Not another chick flick where the me...
 This waste of time is a completely unnecessary...
 Utter dreck. I got to the 16 minute/27 second ...
 This is a terrible movie, and I'm not even sur...
 Nickelodeon has gone down the toilet. They hav...
 The 1960's were a time of change and awakening...
 More entertaining than all the gay orgies in "...
 I do agree that though this story by Melville ...
 My wife is a mental health therapist and we wa...
 Without being really the worst science fiction...
 Generally speaking, I'm a an admirer of Jess F...
 I mean really. This is not going to help the A...
 Why did they change the cute, Rugrats televisi...
 When the movie first started I thought cheesy....
 This is by far the most awful movie I have eve...
 For getting so many positive reviews, this mov...
 Before I'd seen this movie I've heard a lot of...
 The moral of this show is that bad eating habi...
 I thought this movie was LOL funny. It's a fun...
 i don't know why, but after all the hype on NP...
 Comment? Like my comment is necessary? We are ...
 This is at least the third remake of this movi...
 - A small time hood tricks the local mob boss ...
 Steven buddy, you remember when you said this:...
 Given the title and outlandish box art, I was ...
 This parody is cleverly done: from the songs (...
 I was having just about the worst day of my li...
 "This might mean the end of the white race!" g...
 Francesca Annis, Michael Kitchen AND Robson Gr...
 The school nerd Marty (Simon Scuddamore) is se...
 THE KITE RUNNER is one of those modern epics t...
 I have seen many good Korean Movies including ...
 I love this film. It's one of those I can watc...
 I stumbled across rerun syndication of this sh...
 To paraphrase Thora Birch: "I kind of like thi...
 "You're not going to shoot those little creatu...
 Loony Tunes have ventured (at least) twice int...
 Back in the 1960's, those of us who were bad m...
 Yes, I am just going to tell you about this on...
 I hope that Matt Dorff's original script for t...
 I think they really let the quality of the DVD...
 Oliver Stone is not one to shy away from a mov...
 Oh my god! The Beeb hit a new low with this gu...
 Anthony Mann's westerns with Jimmy Stewart are...
 "Zen and the Art of Lanscaping", written and d...
 The TV show was slow moving and the 'offbeat' ...
 It has been said, "a city on hill cannot hide ...
 I love low budget movies. Including those that...
 I never really watched this program before alt...
 I went into this movie perhaps a bit jaded by ...
 Sholay: Considered to be one of the greatest f...
 It gets really bad. The only half-way redeemin...
 This DVD is barely 30 minutes long, and has du...
 "Nuovomondo" was a great experience. Many film...
 This movie is terrible. Carlitos Way(1993) is ...
 The beautifully engaging song with the same na...
 This movie is really nerve racking Cliffhangin...
 Incredible. Does it get any dumber than this? ...
 This, without any doubt, is the greatest spin ...
 Enough talent and sincerity went into making t...
 Kristine Watts (Molie Weeks) is broken apart, ...
 As a geology student this movie depicts the ig...
 I really didn't like this movie because it did...
 The sight of Kareena Kapoor in a two-piece bik...
 this film was just brilliant,casting,location ...
 John Cassavetes' "Opening Night" is fantastic ...
 The Daily Mail's Christopher Tookey had some c...
 The fact that this movie is bargain basement q...
 I guess this movie will only work on people wh...
 I feel conflicted about this film - it is one ...
 The acting was very sub-par, You had Costas Ma...
 Drawn by Pain is easily one of the best pieces...
 When the trailer for Accepted first came up, m...
 Greetings again from the darkness. Insight int...
 I really enjoyed this movie. It was edgy witho...
 i would have given this movie a 1 out of 10 if...
 I basically skimmed through the movie but just...
 This is a clever story about relationships and...
 That is the best way I can describe this movie...
 I appreciate the need to hire unknowns for the...
 "Escanaba in da Moonlight" is the first showca...
 I happened into the den this morning during th...
 The third film from the Polish brothers is the...
 What makes this one better than most "movie mo...
 Streisand fans only familiar with her work fro...
 Oh, the horror, the unspeakable horror of this...
 I wish I was first exposed to this in a movie ...
 I loved the story. Somewhere, a poster said th...
 You know, after the first few Chuck Norris mov...
 I took part in a little mini production of thi...
 I decided to watch this movie because it has b...
 83 minutes? Nope, this thing is 72 minutes, to...
 "Death Lends A Hand" is one of the pivotal ear...
 John Boorman's 1998 The General was hailed as ...
 Strictly a routine, by-the-numbers western (di...
 Without doubt the best of the novels of John L...
 There is absolutely nothing to redeem this mov...
 Sammi, Curr a metal rock god, they tried to st...
 I thought that this movie was pretty lame. If ...
 One of my favorite movies to date starts as an...
 This was a great movie, I would compare it to ...
 Can't believe that Bostock's Cup isn't availab...
 I absolutely adored this movie. For me, the be...
 I am writing this after just seeing The Perfec...
 James Gandolfini is a good actor so what ever ...
 A tight-knit musical family, cranky-benevolent...
 Somewhere, on this site, someone wrote that to...
 The satirical movie website Dateline Hollywood...
 This movie was Jerry Bruckheimer's idea to sel...
 Some kids are hiking in the mountains, and one...
 I found this movie to be very well-paced. The ...
 For me personally this film goes down in my to...
 This movie is definently a horror movie and if...
 After watching the Next Action Star reality TV...
 I LOVE the Doodlebops. My son has been watchin...
 They changed the title of this atrocity to An ...
 This is a film that everyone should watch. Qui...
 IT IS So Sad. Even though this was shot with f...
 The word "1st" in the title has more ominous m...
 Time and time again, I've stated that if peopl...
 I saw this movie in the theatre and it was a t...
 By the time the Hellraiser franchise was reach...
 The opening flourishes left me purring with de...
 The Merchant of Venice is a fantastic movie. I...
 Ok first of all, this movie sucks. But lets ex...
 I liked most of the dialogue, I liked the cast...
 i am a big fan of karishma Kapoor and Govinda....
 Terrible action movie in which lead Franco Ner...
 Lame, cliched superhero action movie drivel. I...
 I really wanted to like this movie, but it nev...
 Another reason to watch this delightful movie ...
 A top notch Columbo from beginning to end. I p...
 When I saw on the voting panel that some peopl...
 I had watched "The Eye" before I watched this ...
 To be totally honest I wasn't expecting much a...
 I loved this movie. Great storyline and actors...
 I do have the `guts' to inform you to please s...
 Not a `woman film' but film for the gang. One ...
 With so many horrible spoof movies, this is sa...
 "The Ballad of the Sad Café" worked hard at it...
 **SPOILERS**Actually based on the novel "The B...
 The Buddy Holly Story is a great biography wit...
 The only reason I haven't given this film an a...
 The Cameraman's Revenge is an unusual short no...
 The movie has a great written genre story. It ...
 This reminded me of Spinal Tap, on a more seri...
 Generally I like something light and fun, so t...
 A antique shop-owner in NYC, played by Joanne ...
 The Chasers War On Everything. 5 words that I ...
 I almost stopped watching Hindi movies because...
 George Cukor's The Women remains one of the gl...
 I'm not a stage purist. A movie could have bee...
 I'm amazed that I have a real affection for th...
 As many of today's movies are guilty of, the p...
 I really enjoyed watching this movie! Only a f...
 Yeeee-Haa! <br /><br />I have seen it argued t...
 A friend of mine loves tacky horror films so I...
 Cage (1989) was another one of those low budge...
 4 Oscar winners, Karl Malden, Sally Field, Shi...
 Anna Christie (1931)<br /><br />On its own ter...
 the first toxie film was dark, gory, and hilla...
 OK Clara Bow silent film from 1927, it's a spi...
 Asterix and the Vikings is the first animated ...
 Not since Bette Davis's 1933 vehicle "Ex-Lady"...
 Probably the most accurate Stephen King adapti...
 the actors cannot act. all dialoague was plagu...
 Love Trap is not a short, it's quite obviously...
 Beats me how people can describe this adolesce...
 From the start this film drags and drags. Clum...
 This was a pretty good movie, I liked it. I th...
 Scarecrow is set in the small American town of...
 Anna Christie (Greta Garbo) returns to see her...
 I did a screen test and read the script for th...
 This film is really quite odd. Clearly certain...
 I am sure I'm in the minority (I know I am amo...
 What a strangely wonderful, if sometimes sligh...
 I was attracted to this film by its offbeat, l...
 If this is not heavily featured on every list ...
 While being an impressionable youth when first...
 I may not have the longest of attention-spans,...
 Linking story: another first-time viewing for ...
 I fell asleep on my couch at 7:35pm last night...
 I have seen this movie plenty of times and I g...
 This movie had a very unique effect on me: it ...
 (Warning: May Contain Spoilers) Let Rosalina h...
 I just watched this today on TV. It was on ABC...
 I love this film. It is well written and acted...
 Oh dear... as an Englishman, and a small part ...
 OK, first of all, who in their right mind woul...
 I just watched The Convent for the second time...
 I got interested in this movie because somebod...
 Linda Blair has been acting for forty years no...
 ... The reason I like this movie so much is be...
 Parrots? PARROTS? I have been around this old ...
 who's responsible for these "behind the scenes...
 Lt. Claude (Claudio Cassinelli) and several pr...
 Leos Carax is brilliant and is one of the best...
 I don't know where this movie was shot, but be...
 Back in my days as an usher "Private Lessons" ...
 I readily admit that I watch a lot of really b...
 There are 21 comments as I add mine to this li...
 'A Smile LIke Yours' is a pathetic comedy that...
 This is a movie that should be seen by everyon...
 A buddy and I went to see this movie when it c...
 Why every horror director wants to imitate "Th...
 I can't believe that so much talent can be was...
 I've watched the movie actually several times....
 François Villon was a real-life poet and rogue...
 I agree that this film is too pretentious, and...
 Not since Spongebob Squarepants have i seen a ...
 Don't get me wrong, Dan Jansen was a great spe...
 The answer.....No, sadly not. Though miller an...
 There needs to be a 0/10 option for bilge like...
 This is how i felt while watching this film. I...
 Extremely disappointing film based on the Jame...
 Not having seen the film in the original theat...
 This is an excellent documentary about a story...
 Very good except for the ending which was a hu...
 I read a lot of high hopes from readers of the...
 "Bye Bye Birdie" isn't one of the best musical...
 Saw this as a young naive punk when it was fir...
 The Bermuda Triangle ,we are told in this wast...
 After watching this on the MST3K episode, I ha...
 Boring movie. Poor plot. Poor actors. The movi...
 This is not a boring movie, the audience might...
 i tried to sit through this bomb not too long ...
 Joe D'Amato might have made some other notable...
 I made the big mistake of actually watching th...
 I love to see a female protagonist, in this mo...
 *** Contains spoilers ***<br /><br />A lovely ...
 This animated movie is a masterpiece! The narr...
 SPOILER - This film gives away plot points and...
 In comparison to other "sand and sandal" fare,...
 Why do all movies on Lifetime have such anemic...
 It is like what the title of this thread say. ...
 If you're looking for a movie that puts you to...
 I picked up this movie and was horrified to fi...
 This is not great cinema. The film is cliche r...
 Personnaly I really loved this movie, and it p...
 First, the current IMDb plot description seems...
 If you want a serious laugh pain, watch this m...
 Carlito Way, the original is a brilliant story...
 The lovely Eva Longoria Parker plays Kate, who...
 If this is based on the true-life relationship...
 More like psychological analysis of movies, bu...
 This is a straight-to-video movie, so it shoul...
 A combat veteran, fresh from completion of nin...
 This was the second MST3K'd movie I ever saw, ...
 Wagon Master is a very unique film amongst Joh...
 This is a cute and sad little story of cultura...
 The film is a pathetic attempt to remake Ingma...
 oh boy !!! my god !!!! what a movie this one !...
 This is probably the worst movie I've seen in ...
 Geesh, I never, ever, ever thought I'd write t...
 Cliché-ridden story of an impending divorce - ...
 John Thaw, of Inspector Morse fame, plays old ...
 Deliverance is a stunning thriller, every bit ...
 I was mighty impressed with Nurse Betty all th...
 I cant believe it! I thought this is a good se...
 Impressed! This is the worst SRK movie and one...
 An unoriginal, overly predictable and only mil...
 Look at the all the positive user comments of ...
 I saw this movie yesterday and thought it was ...
 Do not be mistaken, this is neither a horror, ...
 I usually don't categorize a moving as boring....
 SPOILER WARNING<br /><br />We've all heard the...
 I don't know where to start; the acting, the s...
 Thomas Edison May Have Done Lots Of Great Inve...
 I first saw this movie when I was a freshman i...
 This is a painfully slow story about the last ...
 Joel schumacher Made a heck of a choice when h...
 An interesting slasher film with multiple susp...
 i watched this series when it first came out i...
 Once again Jet Li brings his charismatic prese...
 I rented this movie, after hearing Chris Gore ...
 This was a big disappointment for me. I think ...
 Not a movie for everyone, but this movie is in...
 This film is not your typical Hollywood fare, ...
 RKO Radio Pictures made a real classic in 1947...
 "Transylvania 6-5000" is an insignificant but ...
 This is a very good, under-rated action/drama/...
 I almost made a fool of myself when I was goin...
 "You got any beans? Beans is good. You just ea...
 These immortal lines begin The Jack Starret di...
 When this movie was first shown on television ...
 These type of movies about young teenagers str...
 I am not sure who recommended Surveillance to ...
 This really is a movie that you need to see tw...
 My friend made me sit down and watch this film...
 My boyfriend and I both enjoyed this film very...
 Flashes of lightning; a sprawling cemetery; th...
 Let me be clear. I hate these kinds of movies....
 If you're familiar with the work of auteur Joh...
 This was one of my favorite movies from childh...
 Previously, I wrote that I loved "Titanic", cr...
 This movie probably never made a blip on the r...
 The dazzling seventeen-minute dance sequence o...
 This show is amazing! I love each and every ep...
 This Columbo episode is probably noted more fo...
 Jonathan Rivers (Michael Keaton) suddenly beco...
 The sound in this movie is a nightmare. That i...
 *Spoilers* Some people claim that Natural Born...
 I bought this movie at a thrift store. Months ...
 This movie was perhaps the biggest waste of 2 ...
 I first saw this movie on television some year...
 A few thoughts before I get to the heart of th...
 this is the worst film i have ever seen and wh...
 This is a movie about the music that is curren...
 The stories were pretty weird, not really funn...
 The various Law & Order and CSI franchises had...
 There are actually some good reasons, why a pe...
 Dig! I would say to anyone even if you don't l...
 I happened upon this film by accident, and rea...
 Just finished this movie... saw it on the vide...
 I saw this movie when it first came out. It wa...
 As over the past ten years or even longer the ...
 In this 'sequel' Bruce is still called Billy L...
 A young man, who never knew his birth parents,...
 C'était complètement minable : à fuir absolume...
 A French film Ester Williams would love. But t...
 and a 30,000$ budget and this movie still look...
 OK, why complain about this movie? It's fictio...
 Music videos are often completely disregarded ...
 If you went to this movie to see some huge aca...
 Ed (Kel Mitchell) is a teenager who lives for ...
 THE BROKEN is part of the After Dark Horrorfes...
 I totally disagree with the other reviews.All ...
 A blockbuster at the time of it's original rel...
 This was a disappointment - none of the nuance...
 Not to be confused with the above average supe...
 This is an example of why the majority of acti...
 I had never seen such an incredible acting job...
 Jill Dunne (played by Mitzi Kapture), is an at...
 There's a thin line between being theatrical a...
 Life is comprised of infinite possibilities; s...
 The concept for Sarafina appears to be a sound...
 Unfortunately, this film is typical of the wat...
 Proud as i am of being a Dutchman, i'm truly s...
 In 1987, John Hughes wrote and directed 'Plane...
 Perhaps it's me and my perverted ways, or the ...
 I simply give this a three because it fulfille...
 The critics didn't like this film. It bombed i...
 I've seen this movie when I was young, and I r...
 Plot in a nutshell - Duchess (voice of Eva Gab...
 Brilliant adaptation of the largely interior m...
 There are a lot of 'bad' films out there. Tune...
 This movie starts out great, and sucks you in....
 I just saw this movie (mainly because Brady Co...
 This movie is based on a Stephen King novel in...
 I first saw this as a kid (THE LITTLE RASCALS ...
 I loved this show. I was waiting for it to com...
 I had hoped this movie was going to be mildly ...
 Knights was just a beginning of a series, a pi...
 This film held my interest from the beginning ...
 After a humiliating experience on an airplane,...
 To me, this review may contain spoilers, but I...
 It does not surprise me that this short (91 mi...
 Michael Jackson's Thriller (1983) has to be th...
 When this was first aired on Masterpiece Theat...
 Nicolas Cage and Deborah Foreman provide stunn...
 OK...this one's a weirdy....Honestly, I can't ...
 Barney is about "IMAGINATION" what you guys do...
 From the stupid "quaint African natives" trave...
 Claudine is a movie that is representation of ...
 I first saw this movie on IFC. Which is a grea...
 I got this movie from eBay mainly because I'm ...
 Halfway through Lajos Koltai's "Evening," a wo...
 One of Starevich's earliest films made in Fran...
 I know that to include everything in the book,...
 The Man with the Golden Arm (the movie) is a d...
 Ten years ago I really wanted to see this movi...
 This movie was strange... I watched it while i...
 With Goldie Hawn and Peter Sellers in a movie ...
 "Phantasm" of 1979 was a highly atmospheric, c...
 I had to rent a couple of movies for my little...
 I saw this movie on Comedy Central a few times...
 Excellent Warner Bros effort starring Errol Fl...
 I've just seen this film in a lovely air-condi...
 This movie was portrayed in the trailer as a c...
 How can a movie be both controversial and gent...
 Scintillating documentary about how a small gr...
 "I thought I'd be locked away in a padded cell...
 You'd have more excitement cutting off your te...
 I have always said that some plays by their ve...
 One of John Ford's best films 'The Informer' d...
 Don't get me wrong, I assumed this movie would...
 I remember watching this movie with my friends...
 I know that some films (I mean: European films...
 I found this gem in a rack the local video ren...
 DRACULA 2000 is a horror film that was continu...
 One of the things that I like about PT Anderso...
 Normally when I go on a raid of the local Holl...
 In a world where humans can live forever you s...
 You have to start worrying when you see that M...
 Guilt and redemption are two of the staple emo...
 "Shade" tries hard to be another "Sting", subs...
 When a small hobbit named Frodo Baggins inheri...
 I am a guy, so i was very hesitant to watch th...
 This movie has such inexorable B class cheapne...
 Easily one of the best shows ever made, & it j...
 This film is not really a remake of the 1949 O...
 Having seen other Bollywood flicks with Salman...
 "Inspirational" tales about "triumph of the hu...
 Have you ever found yourself watching a film o...
 In The Lost Son, a private eye searching for a...
 The story for the first-aired television insta...
 I was stunned by this film. I have been rentin...
 I don't know if this exceptionally dull movie ...
 Misfit recruit private Owens tests drill instr...
 I usually love these movies. Give me a good ol...
 It was originally meant to be a film that Gene...
 Not funny - how can anyone link this to Monty ...
 The original story and funny compelling charac...
 There's nothing new in this movie. Nothing you...
 Saying this movie is extremely hard to follow ...
 Robert Taylor as the mad buffalo hunter Charli...
 At first the movie seemed to be doing great, t...
 One of my favorite scenes is at the beginning ...
 Okay. You saw the film and I saw the film. Tru...
 The Farrelly brothers, Bobby and Peter, are at...
 Warning! Spoilers ahead!<br /><br /> SPOILERS<...
 I watched this film with a sort of dangerous f...
 This movie is excellent and I would recommend ...
 I lost my father at a very young age.So young ...
 I saw this movie for the first time just a sho...
 The second attempt by a New York intellectual ...
 I regret every single second of the time I los...
 Well after three times through I still have no...
 When this series aired I watched most of it. I...
 "Sleeping With the Enemy" is a predictable, 'b...
 Having read all of Sarah Waters books i was ea...
 Spoilers !!! To understand what really happene...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** When I saw a pre...
 I accidentally happened upon this movie when I...
 Some Plot Spoilers Ahead.<br /><br />The Nashv...
 Along with Fernando Fragata, João Mário Grilo,...
 Kidman and Law lack the chemistry to make this...
 What an absolute joke of a movie. The case for...
 As an avid fan of Christian film, and a person...
 This 1973 TV remake of the Billy Wilder classi...
 A delightful little thriller opens with Trevor...
 NBC had a chance to make a powerful religious ...
 Oh dear! The BBC is not about to be knocked of...
 Well, if you are looking for a great mind cont...
 Something about the 40 Year Old Virgin and the...
 Whilst it is universally acknowledged that Fea...
 So well done. The photography, sound, music an...
 2002's the Bourne Identity is one of my all-ti...
 Look as being Anglo-Irish I assure you this re...
 John Ford is one of the most influential and b...
 In 1933 Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler sang and d...
 ***SPOILER*** Do not read this, if you think a...
 Ghost Story has an interesting feminist reveng...
 Gake no Ue no Ponyo is a beautifully animated ...
 One Life Stand is an accomplished piece of fil...
 On September 11th, 2001, millions were killed;...
 When I say " Doctor Who " you might conjure up...
 Chris Penn is hilarious as the all-time stoner...
 I attended Camp Chesapeake. It was located at ...
 I will always think of Mr. Firth as Dorian Gra...
 Goebbels motivation in backing down was not ex...
 In Hollywood in the 1930's and 1940's, I think...
 While The Twilight Zone was a wonderful show, ...
 I'm at a loss for words. This movie is beyond ...
 The Comeback starts off looking promising, wit...
 The new voices scare me! Kuzco doesn't have to...
 Murder by Numbers is a pretty good movie. Even...
 How this film was made with so many big stars ...
 An odd, willfully skewed biopic of Dyan Thomas...
 This was an excellent show. It came on PBS bac...
 This movie has the look and feel of having bee...
 A lot of horror fans seem to love Scarecrows, ...
 Is this a game FMV or a movie? In all honesty,...
 Well, the movie was no terrible, but whomever ...
 I am not saying that Night of the Twisters was...
 Pendragon Pictures' new film "H G Wells' War o...
 During the Civil war a wounded union soldier h...
 There are two movie experiences I will always ...
 This is a truly magnificent and heartwrenching...
 Great acting, great movie. If you are thinking...
 1960's kid show with ex-vaudevillians playing ...
 If you are looking for King Kong, you mispelle...
 Birthday Girl doesn't know what it wants to be...
 The blend of biography with poetry and live ac...
 (There are Spoilers) Driving down a lonely cou...
 And a self-admitted one to boot. At one point ...
 OK, last night I saw the world premiere of Pau...
 one word boring.<br /><br />the young demi loo...
 Be warned by the line on the back of the box t...
 Loved today's show!!! It was a variety and not...
 The story line of a man's love for an innocent...
 Hi there. I watched the first part when it cam...
 I agree that this is ONE of the very best epis...
 No matter what you've heard, "Fame" is not a g...
 Really it's a dreadful cheat of a film. Its 70...
 This is probably the best movie of 2002 regard...
 I know that the real story of Little Richard i...
 This movie is Jackie's best. I still cant get ...
 "Bar Hopping" seems to be trying to be about t...
 As a poker enthusiast I was looking forward to...
 I gotta say, Clive Barker's Undying is by far ...
 I saw this movie a time ago, because some of m...
 Don't get me wrong. "GoldenEye" was revolution...
 Being an Austrian myself this has been a strai...
 Yes, this production is long (good news for Br...
 A "40 foot long" giant mutant squid with five ...
 Jean-Pierre Melville's Le Cercle Rouge follows...
 One would think that with all the lavish care ...
 I watched this movie when Joe Bob Briggs hoste...
 "Everything is Illuminated" is a simplified in...
 Karen and her boyfriend Jerry move into their ...
 I have seen this movie several times, it sure ...
 WARNING! Don't even consider watching this fil...
 This documentary explores a story covered in P...
 I only wish that I had the good sense to turn ...
 I've never been a huge fan of Mormon films. Be...
 I thought it was brilliant! It was great watch...
 As a fan of history, mythology, and fantasy "M...
 If the caper genre owes a lot to Walter Huston...
 How many of us wish that we could throw away s...
 This is a plot driven movie and extremely ente...
 All the funny things happening in this sitcom ...
 There are many good things about the new BSG: ...
 For the sake of propaganda during World War II...
 I haven't always been a fan, but the show grew...
 When I heard that Adrian Pasdar was in drag in...
 (SPOILERS AHEAD) Russian fantasy "actioner" (a...
 It's not a movie, but an experience!<br /><br ...
 Someone on these Boards has predicated that th...
 I tried watching this abomination of the cinem...
 This film is perfect for over the top cheesy z...
 This is another of Robert Altman's underrated ...
 This is a well directed film from John Cromwel...
 I was a little worried about actors and acting...
 You may want to know up front that I am not a ...
 This was a nice film. It had a interesting sto...
 This is one of the better Marion Davies talkie...
 Jane Russell was an underrated comedienne and ...
 To be honest, the movie was SO HORRIBLE that I...
 I'm a big fan of 50s sci-fi, but this is not o...
 This movie isn't worth going to the theaters t...
 I didn't really concentrate on the larger Geno...
 I'm Egyptian. I have a green card. I have been...
 Despite its pedigree, the most interesting thi...
 Charlie's Wilson's War demonstrates with deft ...
 This was a pretty good film. I'm not sure if t...
 I couldn't tell if "The Screaming Skull" was t...
 Let Freedom Ring was probably made with the be...
 I watched this because I thought there were go...
 I believe Sarafina is a tremendous effort of W...
 Most complaints I've heard of this film really...
 I know Anime. I've been into it long before it...
 This movie is just not worth your time. Its re...
 I recently (May 2008) discovered that this chi...
 Fun movie! Great for the kids - they found it ...
 Utterly predictable silly show about a man who...
 A new side to the story of Victoria and Albert...
 If you've had drama in your life, either your ...
 I wanted to see the movie because of an articl...
 It's heart-warming to see a movie that doesn't...
 After having seen and loved Postal (yes, I act...
 I saw this movie once on late night t.v. and k...
 Paul Bettany did a great role as the tortured ...
 This film is famous for several qualities: a l...
 Eh it's not really as good as the other Dragon...
 This is one of the few films where I consider ...
 This film is regarded by some as a classic - I...
 "Joe" is one of those movies where, although y...
 This movie was absolute trash. The director an...
 I am a big fan of horror movies, and know a lo...
 This is a little slow-moving for a horror movi...
 All you could ever hope for if your a Jackass ...
 Astronaut Steve West (Alex Rebar) and his comr...
 Well, were to start? This is by far one of the...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** Juggernaut is a ...
 Well, what can i say about this movie. I'm spe...
 There are so many puns to play on the title of...
 Child´s Play made a new genre of horror,THE KI...
 Madhur has given us a powerful movie Chandni B...
 First off, the first thing that came to my min...
 "A Thief in the Night" is a film that was gene...
 This movie was the worst i've ever seen.<br />...
 Who the heck had the "bright"(?) idea of casti...
 The story by Norman Maclean is a masterwork; R...
 This is a thoroughly enjoyable, well-acted fil...
 *Wonderland SPOILERS* <br /><br />July 1st, 19...
 As a horse lover one can only appreciate this ...
 This is a great comedy, highlighting what it w...
 The cast is admirably chosen and well-balanced...
 The movie confuses religious ethics and ideals...
 this is seriously one of the worst movies i ha...
 If you want to see real evidence of what a mis...
 Greeted with derision by most critics when it ...
 The story is about Ankush (Abhay Deol) - who i...
 Irwin Allen put all his talents behind this on...
 I think that, deep down in the darkest, slimie...
 This is probably my least favorite episode. I ...
 If you'd like a great April Fool's joke, then ...
 This "documentary" is a proof of talent being ...
 I wanted to watch this movie because of Eliza ...
 Christopher Guest need not worry, his supreme ...
 I didn't think it would be possible for Joe Do...
 So the Koreans are now knocking off American h...
 Simply put, the only saving grace this movie h...
 Starfucker (which reads Starstruck on my box) ...
 This movie was just plain bad. Just about ever...
 This is total swill. If you take The Devil's R...
 This is a very long movie, indeed. But it is q...
 Like many of you I am a great fan of the real ...
 8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter ...
 I really seldom give either one or ten stars t...
 Dracula 3000 or Van Helsing "Dracula's Revenge...
 Lowe returns to the nest after, yet another, f...
 Finally! Other people who have actually seen t...
 Just came back from the first showing of Basic...
 I'm fan of ART, I like anything about Art, I l...
 Years ago I was lucky enough to have seen this...
 The only reason I elected to give this flick a...
 Ordinarily, I wouldn't waste the time on revie...
 Cinderella is a beautiful film, with beautiful...
 This has to be one of the all time greatest ho...
 I haven't laughed this much in a long time - o...
 Alicia Silverstone (pre-"Clueless") plays a mo...
 Watch on the Rhine is one of the best anti-naz...
 I agree with most of the other guys. A waste o...
 The plot for Black Mama White Mama, revolves a...
 I agree with many of the negative reviews post...
 It only took one viewing of this dog, for me t...
 I do agree with everything Calamine has said! ...
 THE OTHER is a supposed "horror" movie made du...
 Okay they tell you it's real. They don't list ...
 It kept my attention to the end, however, with...
 This is a film that takes some digesting. On t...
 I actually joined this site simply to write in...
 This is yet another depressing and boring film...
 Channel 4 is a channel that allows more naught...
 I have watched this episode more often than an...
 "The Spirit of St. Louis" is Billy Wilder's fi...
 As Americans, we have come to expect crapiness...
 It is apparent that director, writers and ever...
 This is one of the most insipid, lackluster, u...
 This has to be one of the worst movies ever to...
 i am 13 and i hated this film its the worst fi...
 One True Thing proves that it's the characters...
 A beautiful, magical, thought-provoking and he...
 I saw this for Gary Busey and Fred Williamson ...
 There were many 'spooky' westerns made in the ...
 I first saw this when they showed this around ...
 Supposedly, director William Shatner had in mi...
 Enormous fun for both adults and children, thi...
 I liked it better than House Party 2 & 3. The ...
 Welcome to Our Town, welcome to your town? As ...
 <br /><br />This movie sucks big time. It remi...
 I saw this important intense film tonight. Its...
 I started watching this one very tensed becaus...
 Parts: The Clonus Horror is a horror all right...
 Susan Seidelman seems to have had a decent car...
 Unfortunately, I went to this movie for entert...
 Wow! A Danish movie with this kind of content?...
 I hated this movie so much I remember it vivid...
 DANIEL DAY-LEWIS does a remarkable job of play...
 I completely disagree with the other comments ...
 Actually this movie was not so bad. It contain...
 Well, Killshot is not awful, but it comes clos...
 After witnessing his wife (Linda Hoffman) enga...
 . . . And that's a bad thing, because at least...
 I can't knock this film too terribly, because ...
 I rented this TV movie version of 'Troilus and...
 As I was flipping through the channel I came t...
 total crap.<br /><br />I was kind of excited t...
 I'm not the biggest fan of westerns. My two pe...
 The Thumb idea isn't such a winner the second ...
 I loved this show. I think the first time I tr...
 I've tried to watch this so-called comedy, but...
 If extreme activities (and I don't mean the Ho...
 Harold Pinter rewrites Anthony Schaeffer's cla...
 I rank this the best of the Zorro chapterplays...
 First, this is a review of the two disc set th...
 living in Romania, i was almost stunned by the...
 Nina Foch insists that "My Name is Julia Ross"...
 ...may seem like an overstatement, but it is n...
 As John Grierson pointed out: "The documentary...
 i went to see this movie with a bunch of frien...
 I loved this movie! Chris Showerman did an ama...
 Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi made many films ...
 If the ending hadn't been so fantastically une...
 The man who directed 'The Third Man' also dire...
 Beverly garland was born in the wrong time. Sh...
 OK end of the story is - all the kills were a ...
 On paper this looked like a great concept: Ave...
 Ernst Lubitsch's contribution to the American ...
 There is something in most of us, especially g...
 I LOVE this film. It was made JUST before the ...
 Sure, it seems like there is only about 17 min...
 CITY HALL is a somewhat mixed bag. Part vignet...
 The Kite Runner began as one of those "importa...
 While the title "Before the Devil Knows You're...
 A good example of the differences between Amer...
 I've just finished listening to the director's...
 Famous movies are subject to Freudian analysis...
 This movie is quite possibly one of the most h...
 Paint by numbers story and mediocre acting sav...
 It's really not worthy of a 'best picture' con...
 well, i may be bias as i grew up watching a VH...
 Elvira, Mistress of The Dark, is a fun, camp h...
 AKA: Mondays In The Sun<br /><br />I have no i...
 So that´s what I called a bad, bad film... Poo...
 The main reason to see this film is Warren Wil...
 I really enjoyed "Candid camera" with Dom DeLu...
 Like another poster mentioned Ch. 56 (a local ...
 It's a male bashing bonanza. I saw this on Sci...
 Well I'll start with the good points. The movi...
 This was Eddie Robinson's 101st film and his l...
 I am fully aware there is no statistical data ...
 This is the one movie to see if you are to wed...
 I absolutely adore the book written by Robin K...
 The biggest heroes, is one of the greatest mov...
 Sometimes a movie cannot easily be classified....
 I'm a huge fan of legendary director Elia Kaza...
 It's a puzzle to me how this turd of a film ev...
 I have to admit that when I first heard about ...
 I hate to throw out lines like this, but in th...
 Vanaja (2006), written and directed by Rajnesh...
 This is a bad, bad movie. I'm an actual fencer...
 Even though he only made his debut film in Aus...
 It has been a tradition since my first VHS rec...
 Clouzot followed Le Corbeau, where no one knew...
 My reaction to this remake of "The Italian Job...
 "On a Clear Day You Can See Forever" is nothin...
 In the Universal series of modern Sherlock Hol...
 Night of the Twisters is a very good film that...
 Not only does this movie have a great title bu...
 This film's premise is so simple and obvious t...
 A quick paced and entertaining noir set in Vie...
 Eliza Dushku is a very talented and beautiful ...
 Pieced (edited) together from dead body parts ...
 I saw this pilot when it was first shown, and ...
 In this horrible attempt at a Blair Witch mock...
 Wow! I caught this on IFC recently after I wat...
 This has to be creepiest, most twisted holiday...
 Begins better than it ends. Funny that the rus...
 This movie is suppose to be a mysterious, seri...
 Whoever made this nonsense completely missed t...
 There's something wonderful about the fact tha...
 I know that the original Psycho was a classic ...
 This is a deliriously colossal vulgar silly al...
 The movie opens up with a long single shot of ...
 A stunningly beautiful Charlotte Lewis stars a...
 No bullets, no secret agents, a story that is ...
 I have read many comments on this site critici...
 Poor Basil Rathbone, an egotistical composer w...
 Naach A more detailed review can be obtained a...
 I had the chance to watch Blind Spot in Barcel...
 On rare occasions a film comes along that has ...
 Absolutely the worst film yet by Burton, who s...
 ...the opportunity it gave me to look at Irela...
 Eight academy nominations? It's beyond belief....
 "Talk Radio" is my favorite Oliver Stone movie...
 Maybe you shouldn't compare, but Wild Style an...
 Cypher is a clever, effective and eerie film t...
 I believe they were telling the truth the whol...
 I clicked onto the Encore Mystery channel to w...
 Everyone who worked on this film did an AMAZIN...
 It is clear this film's value far supersedes t...
 Savage Guns (video title) is a dirt cheap, bot...
 I saw Heartland when it was first released in ...
 If you like the excitement of a good submarine...
 The murder of the Red Comyn in Grayfriars Abbe...
 This weird movie from Texas is about Fallon, a...
 Busy is so amazing! I just loved every word sh...
 Sniper gives a true new meaning to war movies....
 This is probably one of the worst movies ever ...
 I thought Choke had potential, but I thought i...
 This film is great. As often heard, it is inde...
 Unlike the other spaghetti Westerns, this one ...
 The people at ABC forgot to do their biographi...
 It is hard to screw up this story. GREAT book ...
 This movie has some of the most awesome cars I...
 Okay... for the most part, and all its cheesin...
 If you enjoy seeing what must have started as ...
 This is a great compendium of interviews and e...
 I just do not see what is so bad about this mo...
 This film is like "The Breakfast Club" meets "...
 One used to say, concerning Nathaniel Hawthorn...
 It sounds a bit awkward to call a film about w...
 I was fortunate to attend the London premier o...
 I saw this film under the title of "Tied Up". ...
 This is an atrocious movie. Two demented young...
 I have read the book and I must say that this ...
 For a danish movie, I have to say, that this i...
 I figure the company that made this movie want...
 Jonathan Demme's directorial debut for Roger C...
 I'm a Belgian and grew up in the sixties. Most...
 I can understand those who dislike this movie ...
 This film is a masterpiece. It was exhilaratin...
 A brutally depressing script and some fine low...
 The Old Mill Pond is more of a tribute to the ...
 There are so many things wrong with this movie...
 I'm not sure what intrigues me about this movi...
 Throughout watching "End of Days", I got the s...
 This is a really sad, and touching movie! It d...
 I was surprised at how fascinating this movie ...
 I know that in this episode there's other stuf...
 Heya Denver fans! The animation is a cartoon's...
 Recap: The morning after his bachelor party Pa...
 I was hoping this would be of the calibre of D...
 Avida is a game of words mingling life and eag...
 Back in 1985 I caught this thing (I can't even...
 Grosse Pointe Blank was really quite a below a...
 i guess its possible that I've seen worse movi...
 What a gas of a movie! "Film Noir" has always ...
 It's hard to say which comes out on top, James...
 The story would never win awards, but that's n...
 This ABC straight-to-TV failure does absolutel...
 In 2006, the AMPAS awarded one of the most inn...
 Rawhide was a wonderful TV western series. Foc...
 This isn't Masterpiece Theater. You shouldn't ...
 The movie was better than what i expected. I w...
 Mirror. Mirror (1990) is a flat out lame movie...
 Disney has now made straight-to-video sequels ...
 Carly Pope plays JJ, a newly promoted Food Cri...
 This movie had an interesting cast, it mat not...
 When I saw this movie for the first time I did...
 I first watched this movie on its release in 1...
 Just like everybody else have said, the acting...
 I really enjoyed this movie - I like prison mo...
 "Undercurrent" features a top-notch cast of wo...
 The ABC gears up it's repertory company for an...
 This could be looked at in many different ways...
 Considering the lack of art with in African ci...
 I have to admit that i liked the first half of...
 I used to think that it couldn't get worse tha...
 When Exploiters become evangelist, they still ...
 WARNING:I advise anyone who has not seen the f...
 Its difficult to be too tough on Brad Sykes, a...
 In the words of Charles Dance's character in t...
 "The bad dreams always come back again like un...
 I watched this film because I thought it would...
 I saw this movie last year in Media class and ...
 This movie is funny if you're the gentleman wh...
 This is a disappointing adaptation of the Jame...
 This is possibly the single worst film i have ...
 Perhaps because I was so young, innocent and B...
 I love just about everything the late Al Adams...
 Love Jones cleverly portrays young African-Ame...
 This movie was really bad. First they didn't e...
 While it does crack the odd good joke, the hum...
 I could name plenty of funny movies. There are...
 Anyone familiar with horror films knows that m...
 ALEXANDER NEVSKY is nothing short of a grand f...
 the mario series is back, and in my opinion, b...
 I watched this on an 8 hour flight and (presum...
 I saw The Greek Tycoon when it first came out ...
 I am a huge, huge fan of John Cusack, Samuel L...
 I'm surprised no-one has thought of doing a mo...
 This is the most recent addition to a new wave...
 This is a fine drama and a nice change of pace...
 This one will get reviews all over the map bec...
 In Bridgeport, the deranged high school teache...
 We all know a movie never does complete justic...
 The largest crowd to ever see a wrestling even...
 The second alternate Gundam universe tale (G-G...
 What an embarassment...This doesnt do justice ...
 It's too kind to call this a "fictionalized" a...
 The slasher sub-genre has been pretty much exh...
 A good idea, badly implemented. While that cou...
 NYC, 2022: The Greenhouse effect, vanished oce...
 What a GREAT movie! This is so reminiscent of ...
 DOUBLE EXPOSURE was a tremendous surprise. It ...
 No need to detail what others have written in ...
 this movie I saw some 10 years ago (maybe more...
 A great cast, a fantastic CGI monster and a br...
 This is one of those films you can have on for...
 There's a spartan, unsentimental edge to this ...
 Sex is Comedy, though not driven by a fantasti...
 I saw this movie on the shelf at Blockbuster a...
 You know a movie will not go well when John Ca...
 An art student in Rome is possessed...or somet...
 Ridiculous fluff, that compounds its error by ...
 first, i'd like to say that, while i know my s...
 Like Margot in "Fear of Fear" falls victim of ...
 Hari Om is about an impossible love between a ...
 It must be the most corniest TV show on the ai...
 This one's a doozy. Dating from 1949, Scene of...
 This is a haunting, powerful Italian adaptatio...
 Mann photographs the Alberta Rocky Mountains i...
 No, no, no, no, no, no, NO! This is not a film...
 I have no idea what the producers of The Shiel...
 I watched the first few episodes a short while...
 Swedish action movies have over the past few y...
 Every once in a while, a group of friends, wit...
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever se...
 When we were in junior high school, some of us...
 I love the movie, it was a very interesting fa...
 The story starts out with a soldier being tran...
 This is a very well written movie full of susp...
 "GI Samurai" sees Sonny Chiba and some other g...
 Pecker is a hilariously funny yet twisted film...
 A must for any punk rocker, this is the movie ...
 To be entirely frank, the popularity of this s...
 I rented this film because I enjoy watching th...
 Mighty Morphin Power Rangers has got to be the...
 By 1941 Columbia was a full-fledged major stud...
 The DEA agent's name, Anslinger, is a nice ins...
 I like Armand Assante & my cable company's sum...
 A good film with strong performances (especial...
 Spanish director Luis Buñuel career spanned al...
 I wanted to like Magnolia. The plot reminded m...
 I loves this movie,because it showed that they...
 'Heaven's Gate' is not a masterpiece, which ap...
 I am currently on vacation in Israel for summe...
 Human Tornado (1976) is in many ways a better ...
 I've watched almost all of the Gundam/Mech ani...
 "Stories of the Century" was a half hour serie...
 Prue and Piper bring Dr. Griffiths to their ho...
 I've seen many horror, splatter, monster movie...
 A wonderful and gritty war film that focuses o...
 Bought this movie in the bargain bin at Rogers...
 I kind of like Bam Margera, so I was curious. ...
 This is the least scary film i have ever seen....
 Mike Nichols' film "Charlie Wilson's War", set...
 And that comes from someone that will withstan...
 What on earth has become of our dear Ramu? Is ...
 Come on, what is the deal with this show, Powe...
 It is movie about love,violence,illegal affair...
 What an original piece of work. I've always en...
 What a moving film. I have a dear friend who i...
 Ugh. Stephen Baldwin. I never noticed until I ...
 My baby sitter was a fan so I saw many of the ...
 This film is hard to knock. It follows in the ...
 This movie is weak ,The box-cover says East LA...
 There wasn't much thought put into the story l...
 Why is this one no good when the first one roc...
 I read the running man from Kings books as Bac...
 In what could have been seen as a coup towards...
 "Empire Strikes Back" director Irvin Kershner'...
 No-nonsense Inspector Hollaway (a solid turn b...
 "Murder Over New York" is an entertaining entr...
 Very Slight Spoiler<br /><br /> This movie (de...
 While there is a lot to recommend about Maetel...
 I took a chance on "Hardcastle and McCormick" ...
 When I first saw the Premiere Episode of Farsc...
 OK its not the best film I've ever seen but at...
 With a little dressing up, this movie could be...
 The movie is a riot - hilariously funny yet gr...
 Zzzzzzzzzzzz. This one came directly from the ...
 The amount of hype and the huge success this f...
 Oh, for crying out loud, this has got to be th...
 The Romanian cinema is little known out of Rom...
 This film was really different from what I had...
 I accidentally bumped into this film on Cinema...
 I enjoy watching Robert Forster. That was the ...
 I'm not really a t.v. watcher - except between...
 It makes one wonder how this show is still on ...
 Matt Cvetic is a loyal communist in a Pittsbur...
 this movie offers nothing but the dumbest conv...
 A family traveling for their daughter's softba...
 This show was appreciated by critics and those...
 This movie makes Peter an elf in Robin Hood co...
 I wish that all the mockumentaries and horror ...
 It's like a bad 80s TV show got loose and trie...
 This crock of doodoo won a award? They must ha...
 Lou Gossett, Jr. is an excellent and captivati...
 gone in 60 sec. where do i began, it keeps you...
 To start off, I love Steven Seagal, the man is...
 Everyone in a while, Disney makes one of thoes...
 First of all, ignore the comment about how Sou...
 A delightful story about two evacuees, has bee...
 Imagine Diane from Cheers, the self centered o...
 I noticed this movie was getting trashed well ...
 Americans have the attention span of a fruit f...
 I think this movie was probably a lot more pow...
 1940's cartoon, banned nowadays probably becau...
 I don't know what movie some of these other pe...
 Mockumentaries are proliferating lately so muc...
 Lame. Lame. Lame. Ultralame. Shall I go on? Th...
 Although in my opinion this is one of the less...
 Crash is overwrought, over-thought and over-ba...
 Starts off with Fulci playing a version of him...
 I liked this movie. Unlike other thrillers you...
 This movie is great I really enjoyed it.<br />...
 There's little to get excited about "Dan in Re...
 This new installment to the Child's Play serie...
 I'm not sure if users ought to be allowed to r...
 **Attention Spoilers**<br /><br />First of all...
 THIS FILM IS LAME, LAME, LAME!!!!! It takes a ...
 John Schlesinger's 'Midnight Cowboy' is perhap...
 Oh, the horror! I've seen A LOT of gore movies...
 i loved the great lighting and was warmed by t...
 'R Xmas is one of the only films I've seen whe...
 It's a shame, really, that the script of this ...
 Why couldn't the end of the movie have been Se...
 This movie was really funny. The people that w...
 Of course, really experienced reviewers who li...
 Given the opposite circumstance of 2009 where ...
 In this send-up of horror films, 50's cold war...
 Not only that the VHS and DVD cover(at least i...
 When I first saw this movie, I thought it was ...
 Saturday Night Live, National Lampoon, and SCT...
 Is the Cannes controversy-meter remarkably eso...
 OK, so she doesn't have caller ID. When you ar...
 ***1/2 Out of ***** While I am not concerned w...
 A CRY IN THE DARK <br /><br />A CRY IN THE DAR...
 Liv Tyler. Liv Tyler. Liv Tyler. Yeah it's har...
 I loved it. In fact, I watched it over and ove...
 As with that film we follow the implausible if...
 I really love this movie. I remember one time ...
 Upon The Straight Story release in 1999, it wa...
 As a massive fan of the three TV series, I was...
 In the veins of Jeepers Creepers and The Texas...
 Now don't get me wrong I love bad movies... no...
 From the perspective of the hectic, contempora...
 Whenever people ask me to name the scariest mo...
 Cowboys James Stewart and Walter Brennan take ...
 I remember the days in which Kim Basinger was ...
 I saw this film a while ago on a Video CD.<br ...
 Another small piece of the vast picture puzzle...
 This movie was borderline in crude humor....I ...
 THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE Written by Mary Harr...
 The trailer goes nowhere near and only scratch...
 I admit to a secret admiration of the original...
 I supposed I was actually expecting a Bollywoo...
 I don't know which was worse, the viewer's mad...
 I grew up (b. 1965) watching and loving the Th...
 The main character is a whiny, irresponsible s...
 Without going into any details of a good...if ...
 Jim Varney's first real movie is quite a delig...
 This is the kind of film they used to make, am...
 The person's comment that said that Pat Robert...
 Lois Weber's film "Hypocrites" was and still k...
 What a stupid idea. Ewoks should be enslaved a...
 I give this piece of Hollywood trash 1 out 10!...
 For some unknown reason, 7 years ago, I watche...
 So then... this is what passes as high art for...
 Some days ago, in Rome, a young Romanian man w...
 1914 was an amazing year for Charlie Chaplin. ...
 Grave robber is sitting in his cell awaiting e...
 Rex Reed once said of a movie ("Julia and Juli...
 This movie has to rank with "Welcome to the Ju...
 Many Americans are lazy, and this has manifest...
 I really can't understand how could someone gi...
 I don't dislike Cary Grant but I've found his ...
 I watched this film in a very strange way -- I...
 I'm not sure what I can add that hasn't alread...
 This film could of been a hell of a lot better...
 The storyline is absurd and lame,also sucking ...
 From today's point of view it is quite ridicul...
 Daniel Day Lewis in My Left Foot gives us one ...
 Wow, umm this was a very, how to say it, diffe...
 This movie has a few things going for it right...
 "House Of Games" is definitely not without its...
 This film was seen by my wife and I when it ca...
 I just saw this movie and all I can say is, wh...
 An insult to both poker and cinema, this movie...
 I didn't mind all the walking. People really d...
 Farrah Fawcett gives the best performance by a...
 when fellini committed 8 1/2 to film many comm...
 I've read just about every major book about th...
 This is the best movie I have ever seen. It ha...
 Greetings again from the darkness. Based on th...
 I love this show!<br /><br />Every time i watc...
 Rosenstrasse is more an intimate film than one...
 I for one have shamelessly enjoyed every episo...
 Our Family and friends enjoyed this movie very...
 I found Super Troopers only mildly amusing at ...
 SPOILER: The young lover, Jed, is kicked out b...
 My friends and I rented this movie simply to s...
 Most of Chaplin's most famous films are his fu...
 Barney teaches kids nothing!!! Here are some 3...
 A wildly uneven film where the major problem i...
 The movie features another exceptional collabo...
 This is a better adaptation of the book than t...
 This show is totally worth watching. It has th...
 "Three Daring Daughters" is a sickly sweet, ro...
 wow, how can I even discuss this movie without...
 Though I saw this movie years ago, its impact ...
 Although the concept of a 32 year old woman po...
 This movie looked like it was going to be real...
 Evil Breed is a very strange slasher flick tha...
 A woman's nightmares fuel her fear of being bu...
 First time I saw this movie was in the eightie...
 i couldn't help but think of behind the mask: ...
 The first episode set the bar quite high i tho...
 This movie was bad but it was so bad that it m...
 And I would have rated it higher than a 7 out ...
 Damon Runyon's world of Times Square, in New Y...
 I saw Grande Ecole at its world premiere on th...
 What a crime...<br /><br />You forgot to brush...
 OK, yes its bad, yes its complete fluff, yes i...
 The first of two Jim Thompson adaptations rele...
 Love sublime says the title. Another blurb dur...
 This is one of the funniest movies I've ever s...
 When this film was made, the hippie thing had ...
 Cinderella In my opinion greatest love story e...
 Or at least you feel pretty high after this mo...
 I pity people calling kamal hassan 'ulaganaaya...
 The year 1995, when so many people talked abou...
 For any fan of Nickelodeon who used to watch t...
 I've got to say it. Gary Busey saved this film...
 I liked this a lot. In fact, if I see it again...
 I caught this at a test screening. All I can s...
 I remember this movie in particular when I was...
 I would suggest that Only the Valiant is one o...
 This is so blatantly a made-for-TV ripoff of B...
 This would have to be by far the greatest seri...
 "North & South" the television mini-series is ...
 As you may know, the subject here was to ask e...
 I saw the description of the movie on TCM and ...
 Should I have expected anything other than put...
 I had a recent spectator experience with The P...
 I find Herzog's documentary work to be very un...
 It´s all my fault. They all told me I should a...
 First, I must point out that the role Wendell ...
 'The Luzhin Defence' is a good film with fine ...
 This movie was excellent. A sad truth to how c...
 Like other movies from the worst director ever...
 Ex-reporter Jacob Asch (Eric Roberts) is hired...
 This is the movie that epitomizes the D&D fear...
 Much worse than the original. It was actually ...
 "Still Crazy" is without a doubt the greatest ...
 A movie like this makes me appreciate the work...
 I couldn't believe that the Adult Swim guys ca...
 Okay, I agree with all the Barney haters on th...
 From the very beginning I was so excited to se...
 I'm not sure what the director and editor were...
 Ching Siu Tung's and Tsui Hark's A Chinese Gho...
 You could have put the characters on the islan...
 Some less than inspired opening string music n...
 There are many people in our lives that we mee...
 11 Oscar nominations and zero win!!! Am yet to...
 This very funny British comedy shows what migh...
 i did not expect to enjoy this. in truth i wat...
 I've seen The Blob several times and is one of...
 I saw Anatomy years ago -- dubbed at a friends...
 Perhaps the most polished and accomplished of ...
 Not for those adrenaline maniacs etc It's a go...
 While it comes no closer to the Tarzan of Edga...
 The initiation to the local sport team involve...
 Nicole Finn (Madonna) is just being released f...
 Usually I'm the one criticizing the twenty-som...
 Especially for a time when not much science fi...
 A fairly typical Australian movie where the un...
 Sidney Young (Pegg) moves from England to New ...
 First-time director Tom Kiesche turns in a win...
 This is a case where the script plays with the...
 In this follow up to The Naked Civil Servant w...
 For Native Mongolian speakers the film lacked ...
 I must admit, when I read the description of t...
 I think it is saying something that the Bollyw...
 I used to watch Pufnstuf every weekend when I ...
 This movie was an amazing tribute to whoever h...
 This self-important, confusing b+w "film" watc...
 Tough guys, sexy women, lots of swearing, and ...
 This is really a new low in entertainment. Eve...
 i did not read the book. nor do i care to. the...
 Let me get this straight... "The Church" has a...
 Basically, take the concept of every Asian hor...
 Yet again, early morning television proves an ...
 I've been scolded and scorned by fellow Christ...
 This movie is up there with the all-time class...
 Ever since I can remember and I'm only 18 my m...
 what kind of sh*t is this? Power rangers vs Fr...
 Guy de Maupassant was a novelist who wrote a n...
 I am shocked to see that this movie has been g...
 I'm a big fan of H. P. Lovecraft's books, and ...
 Maybe it's just a personal affection for this ...
 This can hardly be called a good movie, actual...
 Wow, well, you know those shock things they us...
 Louise Brooks gives a wonderful performance in...
 Terrible psychological thriller that is almost...
 Isn't it strange how crap-movies always tend t...
 First and foremost I am a gay man, although do...
 Historically accurate? Hmm... Perhaps... if yo...
 Made with film stock left over from the produc...
 I have to say the worst part of the movie was ...
 Scanners II: The New Order is just as good as ...
 I will never, ever forget watching this show a...
 Well, I was excited at first to download an an...
 Along with In the Army!, this ranks as one of ...
 Warning, spoilers ahead (even if I doubt that ...
 I don't know where to begin, so I'll begin wit...
 Somebody owes Ang Lee an apology. Actually, a ...
 I just watched this movie for the second time,...
 i'm watching this horrid film as we speak. it ...
 I am very thankful that the small college town...
 This is the worst adaption of a classic story ...
 There really are no redeeming factors about th...
 Some of the posters seem less than gruntled be...
 This is the most human and humane of movies th...
 The Swedish filmmaker Roy Andersson's latest f...
 This film stars, among others, "SlapChop" Vinc...
 "Tintin and I" first of all struck me as a mas...
 A famous conductor decides after a heart attac...
 I am an avid fan of violent exploitation cinem...
 This movie is so irredeemably bad, NOTHING abo...
 I can't believe how many people hate Hal Spark...
 I'm an opera buff, and operas are full of sex,...
 I have never seen a worse movie.<br /><br />It...
 This story was never among my favourites in Ch...
 It would require the beauty and eloquence of S...
 Okay, make no mistake - this is a pretty awful...
 To be fair, I didn't see a lot of this show. P...
 I've always liked Johnny Concho and I wish thi...
 First things first, this movie is achingly bea...
 Only once in a while do we get an R-rated come...
 Somewhere in his non-fiction book DANSE MACABR...
 This movie has a very hard-to-swallow premise,...
 The original Thunderbirds earned a place in TV...
 Now for sure, this is one of the lightest-hear...
 Anita and Me seems to be little more than an e...
 I suppose if you like endless dialogue that do...
 This movie and its subsequent TV series follow...
 This may be the worst show I've ever seen. Asi...
 I've never expected too much from a film by tr...
 who reads these comments may think we may have...
 Something somewhere must have terribly gone wr...
 This is a classic animated film from the carto...
 We have a character named Evie. Evie just want...
 This was the next to last film appearance by J...
 1st watched 10/28/2007, 8 out of 10(Dir-Jesus ...
 Excellent film. Suzy Kendall will hold your in...
 Talking about competition features at the Spli...
 I give this movie a 4 cause I'm a die hard fan...
 Are we serious??? I mean wow ... just, wow. I ...
 I have no respect for IMDb ratings anymore. I ...
 As a huge fan of horror, I had given up on the...
 "Dragonlord" sees Chan returning to his role o...
 Watching Floored by Love one thought comes alm...
 Masters of Horror: Right to Die starts late on...
 As the summary says you just made the most ign...
 Why? Why did they make this movie? If Timothy ...
 As a semi-film buff, I had heard of this infam...
 So, I'm wondering while watching this film, di...
 There is no way to describe how really, really...
 I saw this film at the Rotterdam International...
 John Waters owes me 2 hours of my life back. I...
 I remember this bomb coming out in the early 8...
 Sex is a most noteworthy aspect of existence. ...
 Okay, when it comes to plots, this film is far...
 I love basketball and this seemed like an intr...
 Contrary to most other commentators, I deeply ...
 Even though some unrealistic things happen at ...
 THE MAN IN THE WHITE SUIT, like I'M ALL RIGHT ...
 "Stargate SG-1" follows the intergalactic expl...
 Perhaps it's because I am so in love with the ...
 Good Lord... How this ended up in our DVD play...
 Documentaries about fans are always mishmashes...
 ****SPOILER ALERT**** My boyfriend, some frien...
 This is a 1972 Disney movie. For the time, I w...
 Jack Frost 2, is probably the most cheesiest m...
 I am a VERY big fan of Jenna Jameson, but this...
 Casting unknown Michelle Rodriguez as Diana wa...
 Oh my gosh!! I love this movie soooooooooooooo...
 This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in ...
 This was incredible, meaning that it was hard ...
 Progeny is about a husband and wife who experi...
 I have seen a lot of movies...this is the firs...
 I grew up in New York City and every afternoon...
 I really don't have anything new to add but I ...
 Maybe it is unfair for me to review this movie...
 If you want a complete waste of time, because ...
 This show started out okay, but then it turned...
 In this "critically acclaimed psychological th...
 Having read the books and seen the 1982 Anthon...
 I had the distinct displeasure of seeing this ...
 I work with children from 0  6 years old and ...
 On the surface, "Show Me The Money" should hav...
 Bela Lugosi as God? Transvestites discussed in...
 1st watched 4/30/2009 - 4 out of 10 (Dir-John ...
 Classic, highly influential low budget thrille...
 I expected a lot more out of this film. The pr...
 This was the first movie I ever saw Ashley Jud...
 I just recently saw this movie in hopes of see...
 I remember watching this movie when I was youn...
 Annie's wig does not look good. she is not cut...
 Few movies can be viewed almost 60 years later...
 This movie was an embarrassment. Ulma Thurman ...
 This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen...
 There is no doubt that Alfred Hitchcock was a ...
 This is one of the best thrillers I've seen. I...
 My daughter, her friends and I have watched th...
 Pretty.<br /><br />Pretty actresses and actors...
 After gorging myself on a variety of seemingly...
 There is an interesting discussion in this mov...
 ... ever! (I always wanted to write that:) Man...
 "A death at a college campus appears to be a s...
 Faithful adaptation of witty and interesting F...
 I have seen Maslin Beach a couple of times - b...
 i like Jane Austin novels. I love Pride and Pr...
 I bought "Rocketship X-M" on DVD in a two-pack...
 Fantastic Chaplin movie with many memorable mo...
 The odd thing about Galaxina is not that it is...
 I've been strangely attracted to this film sin...
 A typical Goth chick (Rainbow Harvest looking ...
 This is an almost action-less film following J...
 This is another great movie I had the good for...
 ... so I thought I'd throw in a few words abou...
 Am I the only person who saw and remembers Ama...
 Slow but beautifully-mounted story of the Amer...
 This film has a very simple but somehow very b...
 I am a great fan of the Batman comics and I be...
 I had read many good things about this adaptat...
 This film seems to get bad critiscism for some...
 Crush provides a combination of drama, humor a...
 For those that are great fans and collectors o...
 It was considered to be the "Swiss answer to t...
 My evaluation: 8/10<br /><br />I like a lot th...
 I was told it was one of those "either you lov...
 "Disappointing" is the best word I could think...
 Rented the movie as a joke. My friends and I h...
 Creepshow 2 had a lot of potential, they just ...
 MARY, MARY, BLOODY MARY is an OK time killer. ...
 First of all, I'm upset there's no choice of a...
 Unspeakable starts in Los Angeles with Jim (Ro...
 I first seen this movie in the early 80s and w...
 I think this is the best Norwegian movie I've ...
 I came across this movie back in the mid eight...
 Possibly the worst film within the genre in ex...
 In the hands of a more skilled director, this ...
 I have seen this movie, just once, and I'm loo...
 We loved this movie because it was so entertai...
 This show had pretty good stories, but bad dia...
 I thought this movie was too absurd for me to ...
 I saw this movie today at the Haifa Film Festi...
 Had this movie been made a few years later, I ...
 What is contained on this disk is a first rate...
 Abhay Deol's second film, written by Imtiaz Al...
 This utterly dull, senseless, pointless, spiri...
 This is a fine, under-rated film and Rip Torn,...
 This film has special effects which for it's t...
 This 1925 film narrates the story of the mutin...
 I enjoyed this movie a lot. I thought that the...
 Aside from the gunfight scene, I felt the movi...
 Mainly a biography of a lustful doctor, "Rober...
 If there were two parts that the physically to...
 Seeing this movie in previews I thought it wou...
 Action, horror, sci-fi, exploitation director ...
 VIVAH in my opinion is the best movie of 2006,...
 I'm sorry, but I just can't help it, I love wa...
 It utterly defeats me why Godard is taken so s...
 Ok, let me say that I didn't expect a film sta...
 I thought i could see something good but... I ...
 I remember seeing this film when I was fairly ...
 Excellent film. The whole picture was filmed i...
 Hmm, Hip Hop music to a period western. Modern...
 The movie starts with a Spiderman spoof which ...
 Well, for starters, this actually was THE most...
 I thought this was an excellent and very hones...
 For those curious, this episode is based in th...
 Ram Gopal Verma usually makes so-so cookie cut...
 Sweet and charming, funny and poignant, plot l...
 Firstly I would like to point out that I only ...
 An obvious b-grade effort to cash in on the Ho...
 File this one in the `How do movies like this ...
 I can sum this movie up using 20 words or less...
 It was in 1988, when I saw "The Ronnie and Nan...
 The opening night for the 'South Asian Interna...
 The contemporary chapter of the U.S. Navy's el...
 The worst movie I have seen in quite a while. ...
 This movie is Great! It touched my stone cold ...
 I went to see this film with fairly low expect...
 Absolutely, I agree with my previous commentat...
 As one who loves films that appeal to intellec...
 Despite what its critics ensue, I enjoyed imme...
 Rain or shine outside, you enter a movie house...
 Hello people,<br /><br />I cannot believe that...
 TRICK OR TREAT is a fine example of Hollywood ...
 iv been a fan of Rik Mayall and Ade Edmednson ...
 There are exactly 2 good things to be said abo...
 This one started excellently. The photography ...
 Sri Lanka... not a country I've ever given muc...
 As with all the other reviewers, this movie ha...
 Keys to the VIP is just another one of the hor...
 I have to say, Seventeen & Missing is much bet...
 In Mississippi, the former blues man Lazarus (...
 I don't know why this has the fans it does and...
 As much as I like big epic pictures - I'll spa...
 The movie "Atlantis: The Lost Empire" is a shi...
 Lets face it, Australian TV is for the most pa...
 "Cut" is a full-tilt spoof of the slasher genr...
 I saw this movie on a show that was showing ba...
 As an amateur historian of WW2/Nazi Germany, I...
 This is one of the best films I have seen in y...
 The plot of this film is not complicated. A ve...
 this was the most pointless film i have ever s...
 i though this film was okay.i din't think it w...
 This film is hardly good, not great at all. A ...
 The digital effects were done on the cheap and...
 With the plethora of repetitive and derivative...
 The production quality, cast, premise, authent...
 I don't believe they made this film. Completel...
 This movie has been done before. It is basical...
 Here is a much lesser known 50's sci-fi with a...
 I love cheesy horror flicks. I don't care if t...
 This movie actually almost made me cry.<br /><...
 "Roman Troy Moronie" is my comment on the movi...
 Most of this film is an alternately hilarious ...
 I love this movie. My only disappointment was ...
 I honestly expected more from this movie. That...
 And when I watch Sarah Silverman, I get the sa...
 A concept with potential, and it was fun to se...
 I'd give it a 2/10.<br /><br />I was really, r...
 I expected this movie was originally supposed ...
 This is a very good movie. Do you want to know...
 This is one of the most daring and important o...
 Technically speaking, this movie sucks...lol. ...
 Overall the film is OK. I think it's better th...
 I saw Chomps during the - approximately - 2 da...
 I couldn't wait to see this movie. About half ...
 It's literally the Three Stooges all over agai...
 Hailing from 1988, Touch Of Death is probably ...
 Chop Shop, the second feature from Ramin Bahra...
 An OUR GANG Comedy Short.<br /><br />The Gang ...
 If this is the author's and director's idea of...
 For those who appreciate the intersection of s...
 While rehearing Carmen of Bizet, the middle-ag...
 What made the original Killer Tomatoes fun was...
 The Kite Runner was beautiful, poignant and ve...
 Despite this production having received a numb...
 Yes I have rated this film as one star awful. ...
 So Seagal plays a DEA detective named John Hat...
 This movie was a big disappointment. The plot ...
 *SPOILERS!* When I first saw the preview for t...
 This film has it's heart in the right place, b...
 What a wonderful, fanciful movie "Stardust" is...
 For starters, it's a very funny movie with a f...
 It's a mystery to me as to why I haven't caugh...
 I had a lot of expectations from this movie an...
 *SPOILERS INCLUDED*<br /><br />With a title li...
 This is one of my favorite films for many reas...
 THE TEMP (1993) didn't do much theatrical busi...
 The real problem with this story is that there...
 I watched this show until my puberty but still...
 As far as I know, this show was never repeated...
 'The Big Snit' came into my life complete by a...
 Whatever Committee of PC Enforcers is responsi...
 I didn't see this movie until it appeared on t...
 The movie Angels of the Universe is a pure mas...
 I saw this at the theater in the early 1970's....
 Pakeezah has a very interesting history (which...
 The finale of the Weissmuller Tarzan movies is...
 I recently attended Sundance as I have often d...
 Going into a movie like I this, I was expectin...
 It is a superb Swedish film .. it was the firs...
 I remember watching this movie several times a...
 From the creators of Shrek.. OK, that grab...
 Watching this movie brings several words to mi...
 "Chupacabra Terror" is saved from a '1" by the...
 If your expecting Jackass look somewhere else ...
 Leslie Sands' stilted play "Deadlock" becomes ...
 I really enjoyed this movie. The acting by the...
 Mr. Bean has always been my favorite. No matte...
 A woman borough a boy to this world and was al...
 Forget some the whiny (and pointless) comments...
 Usually when a television biopic is released o...
 It's amazing that actress P.J. Soles didn't be...
 Camp with a capital C. Think of Mask and the A...
 This is absolutely one of the best movies I've...
 "That '70s Show" is definitely the funniest sh...
 That's what t.v. should be. And Pushing Daisie...
 <br /><br />As I am a teenager, I have about o...
 This movie is sort of a Carrie meets Heavy Met...
 "Descent." Yeah. Boy... I haven't seen anythin...
 This movies had to be the funniest movie i hav...
 It's made in 2007 and the CG is bad for a movi...
 no redeeming qualities can possibly be express...
 So it starts with a beautiful old house in the...
 Lots of flames, thousands of extras in battle ...
 Sondra Locke stinks in this film, but then she...
 Although the story is fictional, it draws from...
 Horror-genius Dario Argento is one of my perso...
 I really enjoyed this movie... In My DVD colle...
 This season lacked real oomf, but, as far as s...
 This movie was a major bait and switch. I rent...
 First off, this is an excellent series, though...
 One of the very best Three Stooges shorts ever...
 Think you've seen the worst movie in the world...
 Any time a movie feature a dwarf or a midget i...
 Geologist realizes a big earthquake is coming ...
 Not a bad movie but could have been done witho...
 this may not be War & Peace, but the two Acade...
 I dont know why people think this is such a ba...
 this is one of my favorite movies ever! along ...
 This is one of those star-filled over-the-top ...
 This is the kind of picture John Lassiter woul...
 LIFEFORCE is an extremely schizophrenic movie,...
 Having enjoyed Neil Gaiman's writing (especial...
 The first thing I noticed about this movie was...
 A collection of Deleted scenes and alternative...
 This was one of the worst Columbo episodes tha...
 I never heard of the book, nor care to read it...
 This movie is very silly and very funny. You c...
 SLIGHT SPOILERS (but it doesn't matter anyway)...
 So this ugly guy with long, nasty hair and his...
 Although I recently put this on my 10 worst fi...
 This is certainly a good film, beautifully pho...
 This is a great movie. Some will disagree with...
 Having just finished Cronicles of the Heroic K...
 While I rather enjoyed this movie, I'll tell y...
 Way to go ace! You just made a chilling, gross...
 <br /><br />Philistines beware, especially Ame...
 Wow. Who ever said that Edward D. Wood Jr. nev...
 I think this movie actually has a lot of nice ...
 <br /><br />This movie sucked! The first one w...
 Rented this tonite from my local video store. ...
 Okay, so the introduction, with its hokey offe...
 Jumpin' Butterballs, this movie stinks! It's a...
 Caught this flick as one of a five-for-$5 deal...
 I have seen many of Shahrukh's movies and this...
 One would think that with the incredible backd...
 While I agree with the previous post that the ...
 In Arlington Heights, IL we never had a cafete...
 One of the most important artistic movements i...
 I really didn't expect much from this film see...
 tell you what that was excellent. Dylan Moran ...
 Man, I went to this movie because of the great...
 This film had some very funny moments. The afo...
 Let's summarize how dumb this movie is with tw...
 Wow, the plot for this film is all over the pl...
 I might have given this movie a higher rating ...
 While possibly the stupidest, most tasteless, ...
 So it's a little dated now, it's almost 30 yrs...
 A series of painfully unfunny skits that seem ...
 I cant explain what a load of rubbish this fil...
 Unlike endemol USA's two other current game sh...
 I first encountered this show when I was stayi...
 Art-house horror tries to use unconventional a...
 Since watching the trailer in "The Little Merm...
 This is a pretty pointless remake. Starting wi...
 This movie frequently extrapolates quantum mec...
 Years ago, when I was a poor teenager, my best...
 Having sat and watched this film I can only wo...
 Race car drivers say that 100 mph seems fast t...
 Imagery controls this film. The characters, al...
 A masterful performance by Jamie Foxx is just ...
 I read all these reviews on here about how thi...
 OMG! The only reason I'm giving this movie a 2...
 Sad... really sad. This movie has nothing (hmm...
 It's just when a band tours, and only has one ...
 Yes 1939/Robert Donat-Greer Garson version was...
 "Before Sunrise" is a wonderful love story and...
 Why on earth does five US keep repeating this ...
 I may be getting ahead of myself here, but alt...
 I don't know why critics cal it bizarre and ma...
 Why was this movie made? Are producers so easi...
 Roger Corman is undeniably one of the most ver...
 So Udo Kier earned like nine bucks and free fo...
 A surprisingly great cartoon in the same leagu...
 Now, I'm no film critic, but I truly hated "Se...
 This film is amazing and I would recommend to ...
 If you go see this movie you'll be holding a g...
 The Cheesiest movie I've ever seen, Not scary,...
 I love this movie and I recommend it to anybod...
 Thought I just might get a few laughs from thi...
 Danny Boyle was not the first person to realis...
 can someone please help me i missed the last v...
 The movie eXistenZ is about a futuristic video...
 OK, let's start with the good: nice scenery, C...
 I enjoyed two of the three movies in the "Sara...
 Elizabeth Ashley is receiving phone calls from...
 The storyline has too many flaws and illogical...
 This movie is such a fine example of the great...
 I just finished viewing this finely conceived,...
 I have to be honest, i was expecting a failure...
 I am ashamed to have this movie in my collecti...
 Goof: Factual error<br /><br />When Charlie wa...
 David Dhawan copied HITCH and such an unoffici...
 Don't be fooled by the plot out-line as it is ...
 I saw this on Mystery Science Theater 3000, an...
 An art teacher comes across an antique wooden ...
 If you watched this movie you know why I said ...
 I want to start my review by thanking the make...
 Words cannot begin to describe how blandly ter...
 I read the book and the book was fascinating.<...
 The pace of the film is ponderously slow in pa...
 i would have to say that this is the first qua...
 I'm glad Cage changed his name from Coppolla a...
 This movie comes down like a square peg in a s...
 Come on. Anyone who doesn't understand the gre...
 First off, I just watched a movie on SHOWTIME ...
 Let's face it, a truly awful movie, no...I mea...
 This is an excellent film for female body-buil...
 The first of the official Ghibli films, Laputa...
 This movie reminded me that some old Black & W...
 I'm totally agree with GarryJohal from Singapo...
 This film brought me to tears. I have to say, ...
 "Opera" is a great film with some wonderful,im...
 this show is the best it is full of laughs and...
 OK, look at the title of this film.<br /><br /...
 Having lived in Ontario my whole life, in the ...
 I don't like Sean Penn's directing very much, ...
 While browsing the internet for previous sale ...
 This movie probably isn't the funniest I've ev...
 Okay, now I know where all those boring cop/ho...
 Story goes like this, Netflix was late sending...
 Yes, I am ashamed to admit it, but this show i...
 There must have been a sale on this storyline ...
 This is my favorite movie that portrays Africa...
 A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away (so...
 What can I say??? This movie was so Dumb & Stu...
 This film holds 7.0 rating on IMDb, so even I ...
 Yes, Giorgio, is a feel good movie. A little r...
 Pilot Mitch MacAfee (Jeff Morrow) sees a UFO w...
 Back when musicals weren't showcases for chore...
 This movie couldn't decide what it wanted to b...
 This movie, no correction, this THING, this ab...
 Very reliable entertainment, as Las Vegas amus...
 It's nice to see a film with real people with ...
 This movie was the worst movie ever made on th...
 Maybe the subject was good, but put down to a ...
 Burt Reynolds stars as an undercover cop who i...
 The first feature-length adventure of Jim Hens...
 Well,i'm not a movie critic or something like ...
 yes, i have noticed that there are 347 other c...
 I can't understand why so many peoples praised...
 Before "Miracle on 34th Street," Maureen O'Har...
 "Panic in the Streets" was a decent thriller, ...
 Why can't this type of compact, entertaining m...
 (WARNING: minor spoilers)<br /><br />I ran int...
 Woaww Is it only now that you notice the links...
 If you like mech war games it's pretty good. S...
 I won't mention any of the plot, because, alth...
 This is definitely the worst vampire flicks of...
 Although flawed in it's view of homosexuals, t...
 I think this movie would be more enjoyable if ...
 This is a movie about animal cruelty. Under th...
 The reason why I say this is because I wrote t...
 How much can you really say about a condom wit...
 If you liked the Grinch movie... go watch that...
 Great period piece that shows how attitudes ha...
 Bugsy Siegel was 31 when he went out to the We...
 Without wishing to be a killjoy, Brad Sykes is...
 Who doesn't know Largo Winch in the France-Bel...
 I have to admit that this "re-imagining" of th...
 A very enjoyable film, providing you know how ...
 I had high hopes for this film, since it has C...
 Typical formula action film: a good cop gets e...
 William Petersen (that C.S.I guy) has a small ...
 I don't really post comments, but wanted to ma...
 I have never seen a movie so bad. It's not eve...
 As incredible as it may seem, Gojoe is an anim...
 Hood of the Living Dead had a lot to live up t...
 Anyone who has read my review for Uwe Boll's "...
 This film was a huge surprise to me while i wa...
 This is one of the greatest 80s movies!!! It s...
 Remember that friend in college who always ins...
 The movie was excellent, save for some of the ...
 Most of Wayne's B westerns are kind of fun in ...
 This was on SciFi this past weekend, and I had...
 I first saw this movie when I was about 12 yea...
 Trawling through the Sci Fi weeklies section o...
 So funny is the perfect way to describe this 1...
 A truly adorable heroine who, at turns, is sur...
 This insipid mini operetta featuring a Eddy-Mc...
 Like the great classic Bugs Bunny cartoons, th...
 This is another one of those fundamentalist Ch...
 This is a typical 70's soft core sex romp in t...
 I totally hated the movie. It was so retarded....
 The movie starts in spring 2001. A soldier nam...
 'Thursday' is a good movie but we recognize to...
 Paul Rudnick (Jeffrey, Addams Family Values) w...
 This was so bad I can't even review it. So I'l...
 Wow. Saw this last night and I'm still reeling...
 Casper Van Dien... what can I say? I enjoy the...
 Simply one of the greatest films ever made. Wo...
 First of all, Jon Bon Jovi doesn't seem to be ...
 Above-average film and acting partly spoiled b...
 Based upon the novel The Dismissal by Ermanno ...
 The acting was horrible and they got both of t...
 The plot is about a female nurse, named Anna, ...
 The statistics in this movie were well researc...
 I love watching steven seagal movies not becau...
 The producers of this film offer to pay funera...
 1 out of 10.<br /><br />This is the kind of mo...
 George Hilton never really grabs me like Franc...
 There are many adaptations of Charlotte Brontë...
 HANA-BI has many quiet moments and fairly slow...
 So glad I have HBO right now. I didn't plan on...
 I have seen romantic comedies and this is one ...
 **SPOILERS** With the title of the film having...
 Boasting an all-star cast so impressive that i...
 If you want to remember MJ, this is a good pla...
 This was a movie that I hoped I could suggest ...
 To put it simply, this was a pompous piece of ...
 I've been watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer an...
 I simply cannot understand how any Who fan, or...
 From the dire special effects onwards I was ab...
 <br /><br />So, not being a poet myself, I hav...
 Wizards of the Lost Kingdom is a movie about a...
 After reading the book, which had a lot of mea...
 This movie is really stupid and very boring mo...
 So bad as good - not only the script is obviou...
 Let me first state that I REALLY REALLY wanted...
 SAIMIN <br /><br />(USA: The Hypnotist /UK: Hy...
 ...Our the grandpa's hour.<br /><br />More tha...
 Pretty good movie about a man and his wife who...
 Unless you're twelve, this movie really isn't ...
 This show really is the Broadway American Idol...
 Who did the research for this film? It's set i...
 Fleet was released in 1936 during the middle o...
 this was the most costly film, when produced. ...
 Virtual Sexuality proves that Britain can prod...
 I usually try to construct reasonably well-arg...
 I loved all the other Don Knotts movies, but I...
 The movie has very much the feel of a play rig...
 Everything about this movie is perfect. The se...
 I thought this movie was fantastic. It was hil...
 What is wrong with CURACAO ( Also known as DEA...
 While exploring some caves with his wife, a do...
 This movie is about two guys who made up a spo...
 Pointless short about a bunch of half naked me...
 This is without question the worst screen adap...
 I've read countless of posts about this game b...
 Another decent offering from the pen of Vince ...
 A very addictive series.I had not seen an exac...
 I saw this at the Toronto Inter. Film Festival...
 Have to admit, this version disgraces Shakespe...
 Richard Condie is a Canadian marvel, and one t...
 I've only seen most of the series since I leav...
 This is one of the films that killed the "spag...
 A shame that even a talented director, Desplec...
 This should be a great film... Meryl Streep an...
 An Eko-centric episode the "?" explores the af...
 RUMORS is a memorable entry in the wartime ser...
 Finally we get a TV series where we get to see...
 I wasn't going to watch this show. But, I'm gl...
 This programme bugs me! There is no humour to ...
 I think it is very interesting this movie is c...
 The film is a remake of a 1956 BBC serial call...
 This film is so different to anything you woul...
 Viva Variety was a unique hybrid program that ...
 The Cure is one of the few movies I rated 10 o...
 The movie starts out a bit interested with the...
 Just watched this one again. I wanted to show ...
 i think that's this is awful produced and dire...
 OK, when I say "wow," I mean, "Jesus, please h...
 One hundred and seventy five million dollars i...
 I'm sort of between the gushy review and the h...
 Ingrid Bergman is a temporarily impoverished P...
 Although DiG! was being hailed as being closes...
 I've already seen spin-offs of cartoons such a...
 This musical has a deep meaning which is appre...
 Just finished this impressively nutty affair a...
 Life is crazy. You're crazy, I'm crazy, we're ...
 Final Draft - A screenwriter (James Van Der Be...
 "Best In Show" tracks the stories of a handful...
 In my never-ending quest to see as many qualit...
 The film's title makes it sound like a porno b...
 I watch tons of movies and had no idea this wo...
 If you only read a synopsis of the plot, this ...
 Directed by the younger brother of great direc...
 THE BRAIN THAT WOULDN'T DIE was considered so ...
 Great screenplay and some of the best actors t...
 The best martial arts movie ever made. This on...
 Paris, JE T'AIME is a wondrous cinematic homag...
 I want very much to believe that the above quo...
 It seems to be a perfect day for swimming. A n...
 I'd passed this title 15 or 20 times while in ...
 If you are looking for a movie that doesn't ta...
 This is one of those movies that appears on ca...
 This short was director Del Lord's last and on...
 You can't watch this film for a history lesson...
 This movie was just as good as some of the oth...
 NOBODY (1999) is a fantastic piece of Japanese...
 Ah, Batman Returns, is it possible to have a s...
 Set mostly in the back streets of Toronto NG i...
 "Four Daughters," a sentimental story of a sol...
 A hilarious Neil Simon comedy that evokes laug...
 I just watched this movie on Showtime. Quite b...
 Steven Seagal, Mr. Personality himself, this t...
 I am new at this, so bear with me please. I am...
 The essential message - one which Miller would...
 This movie is tremendous for uplifting the Spi...
 I think this movie is different apart from mos...
 Brit director Chrstopher Nolan now has a caree...
 The Salena Incident is set in Arizona where si...
 Set in a California detention camp in an indis...
 Okay. As you can see this is one of my favorit...
 This movie is an all-time favorite of mine. I'...
 Absolutely hilarious. John Waters' tribute to ...
 When I think 'Women in Prison', my mind often ...
 This film was made in Saskatchewan and Manitob...
 I enjoyed the previous Ittenbach movie that I'...
 Pure Orson Welles genius makes this one of the...
 I concur with everyone above who said anything...
 The action was episodic and there was no narra...
 "Fido" is to be commended for taking a tired g...
 This production of Oliver is masterful in show...
 The Hindi remake of Mrs Doubtfire starring and...
 I was hoping to like this movie, to settle in ...
 A bit slow (somehow like a Sofia Coppola movie...
 I find it remarkable that so little was actual...
 the hills have eyes is not a great film by any...
 After the return of "horror movies" (come on S...
 Once again the same familiar story about a man...
 Sistas in da hood. Looking for revenge and bli...
 ...that maybe someday people will wake up to. ...
 "Kaabee" depicts the hardship of a woman in pr...
 I have to say although I despise these kind of...
 The movie seems disjointed and overall, poorly...
 My first exposure to "Whale Music" was the Rhe...
 This movie can be labeled as a study case. It'...
 My wife and I find this movie to be a wonderfu...
 A powerfully wonderful movie. You are held in ...
 This film is a knockout, Fires on the plain re...
 This film is a quite entertaining horror antho...
 Black Rain is a superb film, but watch out for...
 I would purchase this and "Thirty Seconds Over...
 I like a lot of the actors/actresses involved ...
 This is the most stupid movie ever made. The s...
 Norma had spent most of the 20s playing beauti...
 William Castle is notorious among horror fans ...
 This show was so exhausting to watch and there...
 ...and boy is the collision deafening. A femal...
 I caught this flick on the trail end of a tape...
 I researched this film a little and discovered...
 A hot-headed cop accidentally kills a murder s...
 Well, the artyfartyrati of Cannes may have lik...
 Any one who writes that this is any good there...
 I've read reviews of Kerching on IMDb, and fra...
 The Secret of Kells is an independent, animate...
 This is a cleaver film featuring love through ...
 All the boys seem to be sexually aroused by Ma...
 <br /><br />I rented this movie on 20 June 200...
 The best thing about this movie for me was tha...
 A very good start. I was a bit surprised to fi...
 My kids enjoyed the movie, but I was bored. Th...
 Andaz Apna Apna is by far my second favorite c...
 When it comes to creating a universe George Lu...
 The Thief of Baghdad is one of my ten all-time...
 The reviews I read for this movie were pretty ...
 Well, I bought the Zombie Bloodbath trilogy th...
 I have wanted to see this for the longest time...
 I like the concept of CSI, but the show is spo...
 This movie is a disaster within a disaster fil...
 This appalling film somehow saw the light of d...
 I remember Parker Posey on "As The World Turns...
 I really hate this retarded show, it SUCKS! bi...
 I saw the long day's dying when it first came ...
 I really liked the first part of this film in ...
 The only thing good about this movie is the ar...
 I saw this today with little background on wha...
 Hey guy, this movies is everything about choic...
 I've always liked Sean Connery, but as James B...
 For many months I was looking forward to this ...
 I heard that after the first Oceans movie, the...
 Emilio is a successful business man, a perfect...
 I first saw this film by chance when I was vis...
 There are so many positive reviews on Return t...
 I've seen the original non-dubbed German versi...
 Luis Bunuel's "Nazarin" will always be remembe...
 When I saw the trailers I just HAD to see the ...
 "Godzilla vs King Ghidorah" is a perfect examp...
 I am a big fan of Stephen King. I loved The Ru...
 I disagree with the imdb.com synopsis that thi...
 What a dreadful movie! For some reason, scient...
 Wicked Little Things has an excellent synopsis...
 I disagree with Dante portraying the Democrat-...
 I really liked Tom Barman's AWTWB. You just ha...
 I'm proud to say I'm a student at UW-Milwaukee...
 This film is another of director Tim Burton's ...
 I did have a good time the first 45 min. or so...
 Dahl seems to have been under the influence of...
 "The Long Kiss Goodnight" is an enjoyable and ...
 The Bourne Ultimatum is the third and final ou...
 As I am a fan of hospital and medical shows, I...
 There is nothing good to say about this movie....
 Christine Lahti (Sandy Dunlap) and Mary Tyler ...
 I watched this movie at 3'o clock in the morni...
 Oh boy.. This movie is so mediocre I don't rea...
 This film is underrated. I loved it. It was tr...
 I don't remember too much about this movie exc...
 I don't think this can legally qualify as "fil...
 I'm a huge comedy show fan. Racial humor is al...
 Woman (Miriam Hopkins as Virginia) chases Man ...
 A young boy sees his mother getting killed and...
 Interesting mix of comments that it would be h...
 The plot is so manipulative, counting complete...
 George and Mildred is a truly unfunny film. Th...
 Romance is in the air and love is in bloom in ...
 How his charter evolved as both man and ape wa...
 I'm astonished how a filmmaker notorious for h...
 Gino Costa (Massimo Girotti) is a young and ha...
 Yes, thats that i felt after i completed watch...
 I cannot believe someone gave this movie a 1 r...
 i actually thought this is a comedy and sat wa...
 Over the last few months, I have seen a lot of...
 I became more emotionally attached to this mov...
 I can't imagine a director whose thirst for bl...
 Surface was one of the few truly unique shows ...
 Great CGI effects & a truly Oscar-worthy perfo...
 "The Merchant of Venice" was one of Shakespear...
 This was an abysmal show. In short it was abou...
 This beautiful story of an elder son coming ho...
 Atlantis: The Lost Empire is a better movie th...
 All the people who voted a meager 1 on this mo...
 Greetings again from the darkness. Much antici...
 Let's put political correctness aside and just...
 I have rented this film out about 6 times! it ...
 I saw this movie at the Philadelphia Film Fest...
 "One True Thing" is a very quiet film, that op...
 I'm a horror movie freak, and this has got to ...
 I picked up a DVD at the 1 discount, having n...
 Italian horror/suspense film about a wealthy E...
 Since I was just finishing the book, `Mrs. Dal...
 H.O.T.S. is proof that at one time, the movie ...
 Not as bad as "Billy Bathgate" but close. Try ...
 This movie is truly boring. It was banned in C...
 If there is a movie to be called perfect then ...
 Dark Harbor is a moody little excursion into m...
 This show is unbelievable in that . . . what i...
 Ever since I heard of the Ralph Bakshi version...
 I walked out of this movie and I did this only...
 Once in a while, you come upon a movie that de...
 I saw this film at the Toronto International F...
 When I first watched Robotboy, I found it fres...
 This movie is great. 80's sleazy slasher movie...
 hi, im scott (A.K.A woody7739) i Love the film...
 First off, anyone who thinks this sequel to Wi...
 With its companion piece MASTERS OF HORROR, NI...
 What we have here is a damn good little nineti...
 One of the worst movies I saw in the 90s. I'd ...
 A remarkable example of cinematic alchemy at w...
 Men of Honor stars Cuba Gooding Jr., as real l...
 I watched this movie which I really thought ha...
 When I saw this movie for the first time I was...
 Douglas Sirk directs this over-acted drama abo...
 I expect the same excitement as I SPIT ON YOUR...
 If you want to see women's breasts, get a porn...
 Though a fan of shock and gore, I found this m...
 I saw this movie for the first time on NBC Fri...
 If i could have rated this movie by 0 i would ...
 Perhaps the worst of the "Nemesis" films (and ...
 I don't think most people give this movie as m...
 No awards show can please all the people. Clea...
 The film did not do well at the box office.<br...
 This film is a good companion to Blair Witch, ...
 Or if you've seen the "Evil Dead" trilogy and/...
 For anyone who liked the series this movie wil...
 Ernst Lubitsch gave us wonderful films like De...
 The relationship between the Lone Ranger and T...
 10 out of 10, this brilliant, super documentar...
 I must admit that I was very sceptical about t...
 ... but watch Mary McDonnell's performance clo...
 Are you familiar with concept of children's ar...
 After mistaking a Halloween re-broadcast of Or...
 For a good half hour or so, I remember myself ...
 While watching the film, I'm not sure what dir...
 Sigh. I'm baffled when I see a short like this...
 The Dukes of Hazzard is quite an achievement ...
 Excellent cast, story line, performances. Tota...
 A longtime fan of Bette Midler, I must say her...
 Maybe my rating should have been a 9, but the ...
 First off... I never considered myself an Uwe ...
 STAR RATING: ***** Jodie Marsh **** Michelle M...
 Christopher Nolan had his goals set on Followi...
 "Freddy's Dead" did the smartest thing it coul...
 Wow, this movie really sucked down below the n...
 This is a very good black comedy, with a great...
 Definition of documentary: A work, such as a f...
 I really like Harrison Ford so I eagerly rente...
 I tuned into this by accident on the independe...
 Easily 9 out of 10 for a film by director we w...
 On one level, Hari Om is a film using a famili...
 ... to not live in Montana and especially not ...
 The only thing of interest about this movie is...
 Billy and Jade had a very close relationship t...
 Looking through the other comments, I'm amazed...
 This movie is great.<br /><br />Now, I do tend...
 This film caught me by surprise. My friend tol...
 I managed to avoid reading Hemingway in colleg...
 Anyone who doesn't think Bill and Ted's Bogus ...
 As stated by others, this is a ludicrously hor...
 Barbara Stanwyck probably didn't think of it, ...
 To start off, I didn't bother seeing The Grudg...
 Before I watched this tv movie I did not know ...
 I like this movie above all others. It is "mul...
 A have a female friend who is currently being ...
 First of all, let me underline, that Im not a ...
 A lot people get hung up on this films tag as ...
 I'd like to start off by saying that I am NOT ...
 "Spielberg loves the smell of sentiment in the...
 There is really but one thing to say about thi...
 This is one of the worst movies i have ever se...
 Isn't it depressing how the most violent carto...
 Pickup On South Street is one of the most bril...
 I found Darkness to be just too DARK. It had a...
 The first music video I ever saw, Thriller, my...
 Films like this infuriate me simply because th...
 I've been waiting for a superhero movie like t...
 "Grey Matter" AKA "The Brain Machine" but the ...
 What makes for Best Picture material? The Osca...
 'Flight Of Fury' is a shockingly dire but wors...
 I hate to comment on something I didn't finish...
 Yet another film about a tortured self-centere...
 A wonderful story...so beautiful told..so inte...
 It is the best movie released in Bollywood upt...
 An American in Paris is a wonderful musical ab...
 Making the film as dark and visually fuzzy as ...
 Solomon and Sheba has come down in Hollywood l...
 What can I say? I got up this morning and turn...
 Overall, I enjoyed this film and would recomme...
 I have seen several Yul Brynner films--yet thi...
 Episode two of season one is a delightful holi...
 Not all films made in 1931 are this creaky, an...
 I am very open minded. I watch all kinds of pr...
 This is an excellent Anderson production worth...
 I got subjected to this pile one Wednesday aft...
 This show is so full of action, and everything...
 The inspiration for this film was the fact tha...
 I have to say that Grand Canyon is one of the ...
 CQ is incredibly slow, and I'm a David Mamet f...
 Follow-up to 1965's "My Name Is Barbra", and s...
 hello there; i would just like to say how much...
 If this is the best Commander Hamilton movie, ...
 Yeah, I know his character was supposed to be ...
 'In The Line Of Fire' tells the story of the g...
 During the War for Southern Independence, GENE...
 This movie was a suprise for me while I was su...
 Heaven, Mary and all the Saints above! A young...
 If you are going to watch this film because Mi...
 i strongly recommend it to anybody who likes g...
 I happened to rent this movie with my sister i...
 With movies like this you know you are going t...
 Haunted by a secret, Ben Thomas (Will Smith) l...
 Omen IV: The Awakening starts at the 'St. Fran...
 Why bother to see this movie? It probably rate...
 For this review,a list of good points and bad ...
 As is the case with many films of this ilk, my...
 Lance Henriksen got paid something to appear i...
 It didn't feel like a movie, and was thankfull...
 First of all, let me say that this is not the ...
 I rented this movie with very low expectations...
 OK, so I don't watch too many horror movies - ...
 I collect films on Super-8, and managed to sna...
 I'm sorry, ELO fans, but I was disappointed wi...
 I though this would be an okay movie, since i ...
 A film to divide its viewers. Just criticism p...
 To bad for this fine film that it had to be re...
 Now, i hired this movie because Brad Dourif wa...
 After the mysterious death of an old friend,a ...
 I bought Jack-O a number of months ago at a Bl...
 My 10-year-old daughter, Alexandra, writes:<br...
 It's as if the Stay-Puffed Marshmallow Man fro...
 Kazuo Komizu strikes again with "Entrails of a...
 After all the hype I had heard about the Jane ...
 Roy Anderssons "Du Levande" is not totally ori...
 Just another example of why Stepehn King's boo...
 I first saw this movie when I was in elementar...
 This was a strange kind of film about a low-li...
 I wasn't really going to comment, but then I f...
 [ as a new resolution for this year 2005, i de...
 Remarkable, disturbing film about the true-lif...
 Saw this used DVD cheap, and got it for a chuc...
 Small SPOILERS alert !!!<br /><br />Good movie...
 I have to say that this film was excellently p...
 What can I say? I'm a secret fan of 'over the ...
 Absolutely unwatchable, lowest quality film ma...
 This is a little film with a big heart. Excell...
 The show is average. It doesn't make me laugh ...
 If you have trouble dreaming you may give this...
 Along with South Pacific, Guys and Dolls is fo...
 An art house maven's dream. Overrated, overpra...
 Exciting, action-packed, and interesting film ...
 Those individuals familiar with Asian cinema, ...
 This movie was featured on a very early episod...
 People don't seem to be giving Lensman enough ...
 To be honest, I didn't like that much this mov...
 I guess this is in the public domain as its ou...
 Even when I saw this movie at a teenager, I wo...
 I probably have to blame myselfbut I sure as ...
 This movie was probably the worst movie I have...
 "Prime Suspect 4" continues the exploits of th...
 Yaitate!! Japan is a really fun show and I rea...
 Yes.A real stinker. I saw this movie on the ad...
 This was a good film with a powerful message o...
 Panned by critics at the time but loved by the...
 After reading the original play I thought it w...
 If we really want to get serious and find Osam...
 Ed (coincidentally an editor) is hired to cut ...
 This episode has just aired in the UK.<br /><b...
 I think it unfortunate that the leading commen...
 Looking for something shocking? Okay fine... t...
 Valentine is a horrible movie. This is what I ...
 Alexander Nevsky (1938) is a brilliant piece o...
 In one instant when it seemed to be getting in...
 Once upon a time there was a director by the n...
 Bart The Genius Whilst not the first Simpsons ...
 Tyra & the rest of the modeling world needs to...
 This is your only spoiler warning. What a sad ...
 Carla is a secretary who is essentially deaf w...
 Well, I saw that yesterday and It was much bet...
 some people think that the second series was w...
 Reading all of the comments Are very exciting....
 In one of the better movies of the year, Tom H...
 If you make it through the opening credits, th...
 Am I the only one to notice that the "realism"...
 Timberlake's performance almost made attack th...
 *THIS COMMENT WILL PROBABLY HAVE SPOILERS!! I ...
 This movie is a waste of time. Though it has a...
 Eight teen convicts are brought to the abandon...
 I love this movie because every single element...
 Add to the list of caricatures: a Southern pre...
 Ironically, what makes John Carpenter's "The T...
 I found this film extremely disturbing. Treadw...
 I got this movie as a buy one get one deal at ...
 New York has never looked so good! And neither...
 I actually found out about Favela Rising via t...
 This gawd-awful piece of tripe is all over the...
 The title for this review about sums up how I ...
 I am watching this movie right now on WTN beca...
 If rich people are different from us because t...
 TART is the worst movie I've seen this year, a...
 This movie is AWESOME. I watched it the other ...
 This movie appears to have made for the sole p...
 I'm afraid I must disagree with Mr. Radcliffe,...
 "Nero" as the title of the movie is in Germany...
 I saw this movie a few days ago and gamely jum...
 Danny Lee's performance as a wisecracking cop ...
 this movie is ok if you like mindless action ,...
 Besides the fact that it was one of the few mo...
 Quite possibly one of the greatest wastes of c...
 This movie was made on a relatively small budg...
 The only reason any of the hundred or so users...
 A kid with ideals who tries to change things a...
 The opening credits make for a brilliant, atmo...
 This film could have been a silent movie; it c...
 Some movies want to make us think, some want t...
 this is horrible film. it is past dumb. first,...
 Although this is "better" than the first Mulva...
 Prince stars as 'the Kid' in this semi-autobio...
 Of course, seeing a few boom mikes doesn't mea...
 Miraculously, this is actually quite watchable...
 As well as being a portrayal of a lesbian love...
 I somehow missed this movie when it came out a...
 Wow, Stella Shorts are great! Lots of patrons ...
 What happened in the making of this movie so t...
 I gave this movie 2 instead of 1 just just bec...
 I have no idea how to describe this movie, and...
 I went into this movie determined to like it. ...
 Personally, I think the movie is pretty good. ...
 "Lifeforce" is a truly bizarre adaptation of t...
 This is definitely an outstanding 1944 musical...
 I have only managed to see this classic for th...
 I saw the movie at the Nashville film festival...
 Probably the worst movie I have ever seen. It ...
 Daraar got off to a pretty good start. The fir...
 Whatever happened to British TV drama? From Jo...
 Since the last horrid Astérix film and the fac...
 A modern scare film? Yep it is..<br /><br />Th...
 I wouldn't normally write a comment on-line, b...
 I was really looking forward to this show give...
 Green Eyes is a great movie. In todays context...
 It is a pity that you cannot vote zero stars o...
 OK - I gave it a "3" just because they obvious...
 There were only two redeeming features about t...
 This movie is a story of a Catholic nun as an ...
 Sadly this film lives up to about 1% of the hy...
 Of the three titles from Jess Franco to find t...
 Well, it wasn't a complete waste. Armand was a...
 I would love to comment on this film. Alas , m...
 What can I say? After having read Herbert's bo...
 In Iran, the Islamic Revolution has shaped all...
 I, like many people, saw this film in the thea...
 Truly a great leap forward in the perfection o...
 A nicely done thriller with plenty of sex in i...
 Vidor shines as Judith, the only truly strong ...
 Deeply emotional. It can't leave you neutral.<...
 I have to preface this by saying that I LOVE w...
 Deliriously romantic comedy with intertwining ...
 This particular film was one that I wanted to ...
 So much is wrong with this abysmal little wet ...
 Despite the famous cast this animated version ...
 This is an very good movie. This is one that I...
 This film is worth seeing since it is a classi...
 movie goers - avoid watching this movie. if yo...
 Dolemite may not have been the first black exp...
 Last night I decided to watch the prequel or s...
 Can you say "Boring" with a capital B! It's sl...
 I watched this movie because I like Nicolas Ca...
 "Gargle with old razor blades. Can I help it i...
 <br /><br />Film dominated by raven-haired Bar...
 I knew it would be, but I gave it a rent for s...
 This was bad enough. I really hope that there ...
 I must admit, this is one of my favorite horro...
 With a simplistic story and an engaging heroin...
 A lot of 'alternative' comedy in Britain in th...
 The only people i would recommend this film to...
 Diane Keaton gave an outstanding performance i...
 Shamefully, before I saw this film, I was unfa...
 Evidently when you offer a actor enough money ...
 I am a huge Amy Adams fan and have been for ma...
 Don`t be fooled into thinking that this is a r...
 Wow, a movie about NYC politics seemingly writ...
 I hope whoever coached these losers on their a...
 Right this may be the wine talking but this co...
 So many educational films are nothing more tha...
 Micro-phonies is a classic Stooge short. The g...
 Superb silent version of the story of Francois...
 First, let me say that although I generally ap...
 I watched Hurlyburly as a second choice after ...
 This movie has become an iconic stand-in for w...
 Like most comments I saw this film under the n...
 THEIR PURPLE MOMENT <br /><br />Aspect ratio: ...
 On the surface, "Written on the Wind" is a lur...
 Renowned cinematographer Freddie Francis (Glor...
 This isn't another searing look at the Holocau...
 I bought this movie a few days ago, and though...
 This version of "The Lost Horizon" is actually...
 This is one of those movies that's difficult t...
 A man kicks a dog 2' in the air.<br /><br />A ...
 One of the worst films I have ever had the dis...
 This movie down-shifts from 4th into 1st witho...
 I rented domino on a whim, not even knowing it...
 4 out of 10<br /><br />A somewhat unbelievable...
 Teenager Eddie spends his life being bullied a...
 Back in 1993 Sega released a dull, lackluster ...
 If you overlook the fact that the plot has bee...
 This movie was probably about as silly as The ...
 My comments may be a bit of a spoiler, for wha...
 Interesting way of looking at how we as humans...
 I have watched anime but I'm not a die hard fa...
 I'm trying to find something of value here. Th...
 If I could have given this film 0/10 I would, ...
 William Shakespeare probably didn't envision S...
 First off, consider that this film is nearly f...
 This adaptation, like 1949's *The Heiress*, is...
 Track Listing: 1. Spiderbait - Outta My Head 2...
 Bob Clampett's 'Porky's Poor Fish' is a so-so ...
 My observations: Postwar hilarity. Tom Drake a...
 Brilliant actors and brilliant picture!! I lov...
 I'm not a big fan of movie musicals. "Annie" w...
 I watched this movie thinking it was going to ...
 Critics are falling over themselves within the...
 Although I bought the DVD when it first came o...
 Yes, I sat through the whole thing, God knows ...
 Granny, directed by Boris Pavlovsky (who?), se...
 This is a very fine and poetic story. Beautifu...
 This "film," and I use that term loosely, remi...
 I'm a Petty Officer 1st Class (E-6) and have b...
 This movie has got to be the biggest disappoin...
 "Sky Captain" may be considered an homage to c...
 This film is shoddily-made, unoriginal garbage...
 Whoever plays the part of J. Douglas Williamso...
 This isn't among my favorite Hitchcock films, ...
 The subject matter was good, direction was OK....
 You know the story of "Sweeney Todd" now, most...
 I'm a big fan of Kevin Spacey's work, but this...
 How any of you gave this more than 2 stars ama...
 Ed Harris's work in this film is up to his usu...
 Notorious for more than a quarter century (and...
 Towards the end of the movie, I felt it was to...
 Pandro S. Berman was "In Charge of Production"...
 This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen...
 'Ray' lives on<br /><br />Ray Dir- Taylor Hack...
 This is a pretty silly film, including what ma...
 A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie ...
 Modern viewers know this little film primarily...
 ...because 99 out of 100 times, the producers ...
 Jacknife is a war movie that is just about as ...
 I thought the movie started out a bit slow and...
 Let's see where to begin... bad acting; I'm no...
 The Last American Virgin (1982) was one of the...
 What's written on the poster is: "At birth he ...
 Darkman 3: Die Darkman Die is directed by Brad...
 This stirring western spins the tale of the fa...
 Being an Israeli Jew of naturally sarcastic na...
 I don't even know where to start. I did not li...
 First of all, around the time I wrote this com...
 What? You were not aware that Scooby-Doo battl...
 This was my second experience of the Monkey Is...
 I rented this obscure aussie relic a few years...
 Okay - I'll confess. This is the movie that ma...
 I'm probably one of the biggest Nancy Drew fan...
 The movie began well enough. It had a fellow g...
 I watched the Unrated version of this film and...
 Sorry. Someone has to say it. This really is/w...
 Comparisons to the original series are inevita...
 Meet Peter Houseman, rock star genetic profess...
 After enjoying this show for years, I use to d...
 I'm in awe! Wow, prepare to be blown away by t...
 i found this Robin Williams vehicle mildly amu...
 What a muddled mess. I saw this with a friend ...
 When I saw this movie, circa 1979, it became t...
 I've been intrigued by this film for a while, ...
 JP3 lacks the Spielberg touch. It's an all-out...
 I would rather have someone cut out my eyeball...
 Italian-born Eleonora has inherited from her d...
 This is my third comment here attempting to co...
 Wow, What a wonderful film-making! Mr. Im has ...
 Dennis Hopper and JT Walsh steal the show here...
 This is one of my all time favorites. It is so...
 Oooooh man was I pleased I didn't miss this. I...
 A good film with--for its time--an intense, sp...
 Jean Claude Van Damme's movie career seems to ...
 What can you say about a short little film fil...
 I never thought a movie could make me regret t...
 This was an interesting adaption of William Sh...
 If I was British, I would be embarrassed by th...
 I grew up outside of Naila Germany(where they ...
 STAR RATING: ***** The Works **** Just Misses ...
 Have just seen the Australian premiere of Show...
 I do not fail to recognize Haneke's above-aver...
 Spirit is a unique and original look at wester...
 This is probably my favorite movie of all time...
 The only reason I'm even giving this movie a 4...
 This sitcom was a big crowd puller in the year...
 Iberia is nice to see on TV. But why see this ...
 Dick and Jane Harper (Jim Carrey, Téa Leoni) w...
 To be honest, I had no idea what this movie wa...
 Probably the best Royal Rumble in years.<br />...
 ever watched. It deals so gently and subtly no...
 I love Lucy, but this movie is so wretchedly b...
 Merry madcaps in London stage a treasure hunt,...
 I have seen "Chasing the Dragon" several times...
 "Death Promise" is a lost 70's exploitation ge...
 As a true Elvis fan, this movie is a total emb...
 It was only a matter of time that a spoof woul...
 A visit by Hitler in Rome is the backdrop of t...
 Heard some good remarks about this film as bei...
 This movie made me very angry. I wanted desper...
 What a surprise. A basic copycat of the comedy...
 I saw a test screening of Blurred recently, an...
 George Armstrong Custer is known through histo...
 I LOVE Dr WHo SO much! I believe that David Te...
 Okay, first the good thing : If you saw the tr...
 "River's Edge" was one of the most disturbing ...
 Although Humphrey Bogart got star billing in K...
 "Don't be greedy" sums up the depth of this mo...
 I'm a fan of Columbo, especially on a rainy Sa...
 "COSBY," in my opinion, is a must-see CBS hit!...
 Indian Directors have it tough, They have to c...
 This movie has a very simple yet clever premis...
 There are just so many things wrong with this ...
 I must admit I wasn't expecting much on this m...
 As long as you can suffer it! If you like watc...
 I saw this film last night.<br /><br />And I'm...
 If you ever have the chance to see Sandra Bern...
 This is one horror movie based TV show that ge...
 Extremely interesting and intriguing movie. Th...
 Corbin Bernsen's sent letters to four criminal...
 Almost missed it. While visiting friends in Ph...
 Another Channel 4 great canned long before it'...
 This movie was one if not the best movie I've ...
 This is a perfectly watchable adventurous movi...
 Funny how a studio thinks it can make a sequel...
 Proof, if ever proof were needed, that Hammer ...
 Baby boom was bad enough, basically making a s...
 It's hard to tell who this film is aimed at; t...
 This is a typical "perfect crime" thriller. A ...
 Several years ago the Navy kept a studied dist...
 The working title was: "Don't Spank Baby". <br...
 I give the show a six because of the fact that...
 I managed to see this at what I think was the ...
 At it's core, this is a fairly typical revenge...
 I've seen the 1973 movie Lost Horizons and rea...
 You probably all already know this by now, but...
 Nick and Kelly are ready to be married but Tra...
 I saw this movie when it aired on Lifetime bac...
 Maybe I was to young when I saw it. Perhaps I ...
 This is one seriously disturbed movie. Even Th...
 It's the 1980's and the teenagers are ready to...
 What a crazy film!It lasts 12(!) hours and you...
 What about Dahmer's childhood?- The double her...
 If you like your sports movies to be about dig...
 I bought this a while back, during a massive m...
 Another stinker from the PM Entertainment grou...
 This movie is great from start to finish about...
 This has to be the most boring movie I ever sa...
 Yeah, unfortunately I came across the DVD of t...
 I just saw this wonderfully filmed movie that ...
 Earlier today I got into an argument on why so...
 For those with access to the BBC or the CBC, t...
 Undoubtedly, the least among the Spaghetti Wes...
 This is by far the worst and most stupid show ...
 Gorgeous Techicolor production telling the unu...
 Rare and auspicious are the moments in film-ma...
 An excellent debut movie for the the director ...
 Michelle Pfeiffer and Matthew Modine are a joy...
 Here is the example of a film that was not wel...
 Although unusually in colour for a second stri...
 The second official episode of the "Columbo" s...
 I don't know where to begin. This movie feels ...
 This is so exciting! After I saw "La Roue" thi...
 I have read the 28 most recent comments by var...
 This is one of the worst films I have *ever* s...
 More directors like Nacho Vigalondo need a gre...
 Every great gangster movie has under-currents ...
 THE worst movie I've ever seen, and I've seen ...
 I thought the movie was sub-par. The acting wa...
 I have read and enjoyed many of James Lee Burk...
 It's New Year's eve, a cop-killer (in the form...
 this is what confuses me about critics and the...
 The film tells upon the title role,Danton(Gera...
 Of course the average "Sci-Fi" Battle Star Gal...
 Absolutely the most thoughtful, spiritually de...
 Jude Law, Nicole Kidman, and Renne Zelwigger. ...
 All I can do is laugh. Wow. I like Jim Wynorsk...
 I shall not waste my time writing anything muc...
 Diagnosis Murder has been shown on most Weekda...
 A warning to potential viewers: if you are loo...
 This is waaaaay to much.. so frustrating to wa...
 This was the WORST Christmas movie I ever saw....
 This was excellent. Touching, action-packed, a...
 "Buffalo Bill, Hero of the Far West" director ...
 Everyone should totally see this movie! It's f...
 as a sequel,this is not a bad movie.i actually...
 I've just seen this movie in a preview and I c...
 This TV show is possibly the most pathetic dis...
 The first film ever made. Workers streaming fr...
 Just kidding.<br /><br />Seeking greener pastu...
 This film is a total bore. Entrapment is way b...
 This was an attempt toward a romantic comedy, ...
 There are some redeeming qualities to this sho...
 I like David Hamilton's artistic photographs o...
 This film is an almost complete waste of time....
 As Roger Corman has said in an interview, low-...
 If a copy of this movie fell into the wrong ha...
 THIS POST MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS :<br /><br />Al...
 " Now in India's sunny 'clime, where I use to ...
 My husband and I enjoy The DoodleBops as much ...
 i've just read the most recent remarks about t...
 IMDb forces reviewers to type a certain amount...
 What is most disturbing about this film is not...
 This was the best film I saw in the year 2000....
 All Dogs Go To Heaven is a movie that I have a...
 This film tops the previous incarnation by a m...
 This movie easily falls into the category of l...
 Aside from the great movie METROPOLIS, this is...
 "Baby Face" is a precode melodrama starring a ...
 When I was seventeen I genuinely believed Elvi...
 Well, my goodness, am I disappointed. When I f...
 This movie was terrible!I rented it not knowin...
 I can't believe I actually spent almost three ...
 This show is good. I like the acting, funny bi...
 I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor. I enjoye...
 Most of the other posts beat this movie up, an...
 My 10/10 rating is merely for the fun factor a...
 Until I saw this special on HBO, I had never h...
 This film was Excellent, I thought that the or...
 Everyone knows about this ''Zero Day'' event. ...
 Well, now that all of the director/ production...
 dont ever ever ever consider watching this sor...
 Judy Holliday struck gold in 1950 withe George...
 There is so much not to like about this show i...
 Genie (Zoe Trilling) arrives in Egypt to visit...
 The sign of a classic movie is that it ages li...
 This is one of those movies that go out of pri...
 Thunder Alley finds Fabian banned from NASCAR ...
 Excellent performance. There still are good ac...
 This movie was so great! I am a teenager, and ...
 Altered Species starts one Friday night in Los...
 The last film by underrated director Alberto D...
 Arguably this is a very good "sequel", better ...
 the reason why i gave this movie a 4 was for a...
 Imagine the worst thing that could ever possib...
 I like it because of my recent personal experi...
 If this movie were in production today it woul...
 I wish I knew what to make of a movie like thi...
 Oh, how the critics fell all over themselves t...
 Could someone please explain to me the reason ...
 This so called movie is horrible! The actors c...
 Yes, maybe there are parts of this film which ...
 I first saw this in the movie theater when it ...
 I have never seen a show as good as Full House...
 According to this masterpiece of film-making's...
 Well I guess I know the answer to that questio...
 Five minutes into this movie you realize that ...
 I've loved all of Cream's work, even as there ...
 I have watched this movie at least ten times. ...
 Mardi Gras: Made in china is an excellent movi...
 While I had wanted to se this film since the f...
 This movie has some fatal flaws in it, how som...
 I come to Pinjar from a completely different b...
 I went into this movie hoping for an imaginati...
 I knew this was headed for disaster after look...
 I think this film has to be one of the most mo...
 Hello Dave Burning Paradise is a film for anyo...
 Not for everyone, but I really like it. Nice e...
 The Commenter before me stated this movie is t...
 Can fake scenery ruin a picture? You wouldn't ...
 Gédéon and Jules Naudet wanted to film a docum...
 The word honor should be erased from the vocab...
 Exceptionally bad! I don't expect much from Ga...
 I used to LOVE this movie as a kid but, seeing...
 Even for the non-opera loving public the name ...
 Said to be inspired from Disney's The Little M...
 One of my favorite Hartley movies. (As if ther...
 You could say that the actors will make a movi...
 This movie had potential and I was willing to ...
 I can still remember first seeing this on TV. ...
 I recently watched Caprica again and thought I...
 Having seen the first ten episodes, I must say...
 I kept waiting for the film to move me, inspir...
 As someone who lived through,and still remembe...
 So, every year there is at least one movie, th...
 A wallflower is tossed into the sea and dreams...
 I have always been a huge fan of "Homicide: Li...
 There are plenty of comments already posted sa...
 You know that this film is in SERIOUS trouble ...
 I must agree with the very first comment: this...
 I love Alec Guinness. And that's saying a lot ...
 John Leguizemo, a wonderful comic actor, is a ...
 Hey HULU.com is playing the Elvira late night ...
 Easily one of the best Indian films ever. Gran...
 With rapid intercutting of scenes of insane pe...
 First of all I hate those moronic rappers, who...
 Dick Tracy is one of my all time favorite film...
 I thought Besson's film managed to do without ...
 Where to begin, there's so much wrong and horr...
 ... But it is also Minnie's and Pete's too! Ye...
 This is a slow moving story. No action. No cra...
 "twin peaks" and "blue velvet" have always bee...
 this is an adaptation of a Dirk Wittenborn boo...
 Just picked this up on DVD and watched it agai...
 What's fun about Barker's Nightbreed is that i...
 I had read a few positive reviews of this film...
 I have seen this movie more than several times...
 I thoroughly enjoyed this true to form take on...
 This is, per se, an above average film but why...
 when discussing a movie titled 'snakes on a pl...
 The movie looked like a walk-through for "Immo...
 whereas the hard-boiled detective stories of D...
 Freebird is the perfect marriage of road trip ...
 'Sleight of Hand' is my favorite Rockford File...
 The martial arts movies got huge in the 60's i...
 This a wonderful sequel to the award winning L...
 This is the kind of film that might give you a...
 ****SPOILERS**** Buried under a mountain of me...
 I had completely forgotten about "Midnight Mad...
 I recently started to watch this show in syndi...
 Being from eastern PA, right on the border of ...
 For Romance's sake, as a married man. The foll...
 To judge a movie just for the landscapes,decor...
 Another one of those films you hear about from...
 At the heart of almost every truly great crime...
 Looking at these reviews and seeing all these ...
 Thomas Hardy is one of my favorite authors. So...
 I'm not a Steve Carell fan however I like this...
 A lush fantasy world with quirky characters an...
 I bought this movie for 99 cents at K-mart sev...
 Oh it's so cool to watch a Silent Classic once...
 Farrah Fawcett gives an award nominated perfor...
 Scary Movie 2 is definitely the worst of the 4...
 This film must have been quietly released on s...
 This movie is stupid and i hate it!!! i turned...
 I was so excited to finally watch "Pulse" afte...
 This is high-gloss soft-porn; a boring soap op...
 My Take: Makes use of its familiar plot with f...
 I'm not sure quite why I clicked "contains spo...
 I LOVED the Apprentice for the first two seaso...
 Don't get me wrong - I love David Suchet as Po...
 This movie is worse than "heaven's gate" or "p...
 This is definitely a good movie unlike what ot...
 Cartoon Network seems to be desperate for rati...
 Let me start by saying that I consider myself ...
 This is by far the worst movie I have ever see...
 I think that Gost'ya Iz Buduschego is one of t...
 I really like the show!! As a part of Greek Li...
 Bloody awful! There's just no other way to put...
 Well, i can and will be very short. This is a ...
 I just have to comment on this movie because I...
 Everything this film tried to do is done bette...
 Nice way to relax. I am packing my suitcase no...
 A lovely old - fashioned thriller coming on li...
 This is the true story of the great pianist an...
 The story of "A Woman From Nowhere" is rather ...
 Has there ever been an Angel of Death like MIM...
 Fascinating movie, based on a true story, abou...
 I admit that the majority of this film was uni...
 The most striking feature about this well acte...
 Harvey Keital's best performance so far the ne...
 This is an interesting true story of Archie Gr...
 This one and "Her Pilgrim Soul" are two of my ...
 This was a very daring film for it's day. It c...
 i didn't like this movie.to me,it didn't make ...
 This movie's full title is "Waqt: Race Against...
 ExCUSE me, but my tongue was TOO in my cheek w...
 I don't hand out "ones" often, but if there wa...
 Awful, awful, awful...<br /><br />I loved the ...
 If Family Guy offends you or you simply don't ...
 Disney's done it again. The company that made ...
 This movie is one of the masterpieces from Mr....
 My wife and I both remembered this film being ...
 The first time I watched Cold Case was after i...
 I rented this movie from a local library witho...
 "The Chilling" directed by Deland Nuse and Jac...
 I was watching TV one day with a friend and we...
 "The Saint Takes Over" stars George Sanders as...
 The film of Artemisia may be considered treaso...
 I'm trying to picture the pitch for Dark Angel...
 At the beginning of 'Loggerheads', we're intro...
 Will and Ted's Bodacious journey is an existen...
 This film caught me off guard when it started ...
 Similar to "On the Town," this musical about s...
 I don't understand the people here. The film i...
 After dipping his toes in the giallo pool with...
 Forget depth of meaning, leave your logic at t...
 Alright, we start in the office of a shrink, a...
 I have watched this show for a while, only bec...
 Quite simply, Goldeneye is the single greatest...
 This film is shockingly underrated on IMDb. Li...
 Well the main reason I tuned in to watch this ...
 I picked up TRAN SCAN from the library and bro...
 Interesting story about a soldier in a war who...
 This movie will not sit well with some, but it...
 The Animatrix: A Detective Story is very well ...
 Leslie Nielsen hits rock bottom with this abso...
 This movie was a fascinating look at creole cu...
 A cheesy, compellingly awful (and NOT in a fun...
 How i deserved to watch this crap??? Worst eve...
 This wonderful film has never failed to move m...
 but Thomas Ian Griffith just doesn't have the ...
 The untold origin of the Lone Ranger. It shows...
 I am shocked and amazed to find reviews short ...
 This movie is not that good at all.Its pretty ...
 This film was amazing. It had an original conc...
 Kabei: Our Mother (2008) is a poetic and subli...
 I saw this movie on my local cable system unde...
 I am not even willing to vote a single star fo...
 If you like Jamie Foxx,(Alvin Sanders),"Date F...
 Germans think smirking is funny (just like Ame...
 I saw this stage show when it was broadcast on...
 Ya. That is what I think. Sure it was still a ...
 Both Robert Duvall and Glenn Close played thei...
 That is the only question I am left with. Why ...
 I was wondering what possessed the organizers ...
 Actress Patty Duke wrote an insightful, funny,...
 I saw this movie on t.v. this afternoon and I ...
 "Rush in Rio" is, no doubt, one of the most ex...
 Interesting, fast-paced and amusing.<br /><br ...
 While watching this movie, I came up with a sc...
 This movie is supposed to take place in Milfor...
 As everyone knows, nobody can play Scarlett O'...
 I haven't seen this film since it came out in ...
 I'm just throwing in this review to show that ...
 I thought it was an excellent movie. Gary Cole...
 Yes, the plot is predictable; yes, there are a...
 Unfortunately, this movie does no credit whats...
 Rachael Ray appeals to viewers of all ages and...
 This is the French and Belgians doing what the...
 "Memoirs of a Geisha" is a visually stunning m...
 It is hard to imagine two actors of such class...
 Original Claymation Rudolph: Pretty good. Orig...
 No wonder most of the cast wished they never m...
 absolutely nothing about this movie is funny, ...
 Producer Joel Schumacher who also directed "Ph...
 Nicely and intelligently played by the two you...
 Having recently seen Grindhouse, I was browsin...
 An absolute classic !! The direction is flawle...
 I thought this movie was excellent. Jon Foster...
 This was a watchable movie, but plot was a lit...
 Not even Bob Hope, escorted by a raft of fine ...
 From the start, you know this is a Sam Sherman...
 The next-to-last episode aired of the original...
 This Spaghetti Western uses three American lea...
 Better than the typical made-for-tv movie, INV...
 Not even worth watching this tacky spoiler rui...
 Culled from the real life exploits of Chuck Co...
 any movie that has a line of dialogue that goe...
 Geez, another Lifetime movie, but once again i...
 This movie has so many wonderful elements to i...
 Lynn Hollister, a small-town lawyer, travels t...
 Usual awful movie... I'll not bother you about...
 Love this little film, that reminds me somewha...
 I must say, when I saw this film at a 6.5 on t...
 If Saura hadn't done anything like this before...
 This movie gave me recurring nightmares, with ...
 Feature of early 21 century cinema of lets pit...
 This movie is perfect for families to watch to...
 First let me be honest. I did not watch all th...
 Some guys think that sniper is not good becaus...
 Yes, it's over the top, yes it's a bit clichéd...
 I give this movie a ONE, for it is truly an aw...
 When I fist watched the movie, I said to mysel...
 This is an astounding film. As well as showing...
 I saw this at "Dances with Films", and it was ...
 Ahh, the dull t.v. shows and pilots that were ...
 I've seen this movie about 6 or 7 times, and i...
 River Queen's sound recordist should have been...
 My definition of a great movie is if you want ...
 Alexander Nevsky is a series of superb sequenc...
 This early B entry into the patriotic category...
 I just watched the 30th Anniversary edition of...
 i thought id check this film out as I'm curren...
 So let me start off by saying that I saw this ...
 seriously people need to lighten up and just a...
 As a long-standing Barbra fan, any posting lik...
 I use "Princess Raccoon" (to give the film its...
 This film plays like a demented episode of VH1...
 If you've seen the trailer for this movie, you...
 The movie was a pleasure to watch if you are a...
 Louis Sachar's compelling children's classic i...
 If your idea of entertainment is watching grap...
 I've rarely been as annoyed by a leading perfo...
 A group of heirs to a mysterious old mansion f...
 I gave this a four purely out of its historica...
 This really is a great film. Full of love and ...
 Best around the middle, when most characters g...
 This movie shows life in northern Cameroon fro...
 How good is this film? Apparently, good enough...
 The movie was excellent, save for some of the ...
 It could be easy to complain about the quality...
 this animated Inspector Gadget movie is pretty...
 They make everything too easy in this film. It...
 I have great memories of this movie...<br /><b...
 Well, basically, the movie blows! It's Blair W...
 Wow, I've sure seen quite a bit of Kelli McCar...
 This is the most energetic and entertaining te...
 I wouldn't say this totally sucked, but if it ...
 'The Hills Eyes II', one of the most pointless...
 Hamlet is by far my favorite of all of Shakesp...
 Joline (Heather Graham) sets out after her hus...
 The summary line is some men's wet dream for t...
 'Deliverance' is a brilliant condensed epic of...
 By strange coincidence I've started to watch t...
 I am so angry to the point i normally down mak...
 OH MY GOD.. THE WORST SH*T I'VE EVER SEEN -thi...
 This movie was made by a bunch of white guys t...
 DON'T EVEN TRY to figure out the logic of this...
 Don't get fooled with all the big names like B...
 I was really looking forward to this movie bas...
 The monster will look very familiar to you. So...
 I just got the DVD for Hardware Wars, in a shi...
 Before the regular comments, my main curiosity...
 I rarely watch short films as they only seem t...
 I know it sounds crazy but yes, I am a huge fa...
 Walter Matthau and George Burns were a famous ...
 George & Mildred - The Movie lacks the talents...
 Loved this movie, what a hoot. Rupert and Juli...
 This movie took me by surprise. I first saw it...
 A story of obsessive love pushed to its limits...
 This movie is not a kung fu movie. This is a c...
 Two days after seeing this thing, I'm still in...
 Note: This should probably be read only after ...
 In 1984, The Karate Kid had some charm to it, ...
 I was on a mission to watch Uwe Boll movies to...
 This show is made for persons with IQ lower th...
 I suppose that today this film has relevance b...
 Flawlessly directed, written, performed, and f...
 if they gave me the option of negative numbers...
 A number of posters have commented on the unsa...
 What ever happened to shows with united parent...
 as i said in the other comment this is one of ...
 After watching the first 20mn of Blanche(sorry...
 This is the weakest of the series, not much of...
 Delightful film directed by some of the best d...
 OK another film bought by me and Joe Swatman. ...
 cool flick. enjoyable to watch. hope to see mo...
 This film can be judged from three viewpoints:...
 Eytan Fox did it again : move the viewer's hea...
 I personally found this movie to be terrible, ...
 This documentary attempts comedy, but never qu...
 Being an unrelenting non-stop over-the-top exp...
 DO NOT WATCH THIS SAD EXCUSE FOR A FILM. I hav...
 Boring children's fantasy that gives Joan Plow...
 Intruder in the Dust (1949) Dir: Clarence Brow...
 i say the domino principle is an enormously un...
 Ok, first of all, I am a huge zombie movie fan...
 This is not the stuff of soap-operas but the s...
 Far more sprightly, and less stage and set bou...
 ''The Sentinel'' is one of the best horror mov...
 The first murder scene is one of the best murd...
 Its hard to make heads or tails of this film. ...
 I put this second version of "The Man Who Knew...
 A truly disturbed, cannibalistic psychopath, J...
 There were a lot of dumb teenage getting sex m...
 Before I saw this movie I believed there were ...
 I have no idea what on earth, or beyond, could...
 We have high expectations with this one . . . ...
 I watched this film alone, in the dark, and it...
 Another well done moral ambiguity pieces where...
 A fascinating relic of the turbulent cultural/...
 Considering it's basically low-budget cast, th...
 what a refreshing change from the PG movies th...
 The way i found out about this movie was when ...
 This is a brilliant series along the same line...
 "I hate those stories that begin with a funera...
 Pretentious claptrap, updating Herman Melville...
 i would give this movie an 8.5 or a 9. I thoug...
 I saw this flick on the big screen as a kid an...
 I was surprised, that ''The Secret Fury'' was ...
 I never attended the midnight showing of a mov...
 "The Triumph of Love" doesn't triumph over any...
 Hungary can't make any good movies. Fact. This...
 Saboteur was one of the few Hitchcocks I had y...
 For the most part, I considered this movie unw...
 Stylish, thought provoking, cool and gripping ...
 It's a horror story alright. But perhaps not a...
 Once upon a time, in Sweden, there was a poor ...
 "Nazarin" directed by Luis Bunuel presents an ...
 there are three kinds of bad films - the cheap...
 Okay, if you have a couple hours to waste, or ...
 I was shocked there were 18 pages of good revi...
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen. A mo...
 The Japenese sense of pacing, editing and musi...
 What a disappointment!<br /><br />This film se...
 I can't quite say that "Jerry Springer:Ringmas...
 Jackie Chan name is synonomus to stunts. This ...
 Ants are shown in cartoons as being able to ca...
 This is sweet. The actress who played the nurs...
 to communicate in film essential things of lif...
 0.5/10. This movie has absolutely nothing good...
 After watching the trailer I was surprised thi...
 You can give JMS and the boys a pass on this o...
 Wow. This movie bored the pants off me when I ...
 "SHUT THE FRONT DOOR" That's what I said when ...
 I'm disappointed at the lack of posts on this ...
 This is easily the worst Ridley Scott film. Ri...
 Enjoyed catching this film on very late late l...
 Elfriede Jelinek, not quite a household name y...
 Dear Mr Dante, <br /><br />Dude, seriously... ...
 This "clever" film was originally a Japanese f...
 Former private eye-turned-security guard ditch...
 When I was kid back in the 1970s a local theat...
 "The Last Hard Men" is a typical western for t...
 A bit of Trivia b/c I can't figure out how to ...
 This was one of the shows that I wanted to fol...
 I saw this movie as a child and i am longing t...
 To call this film a disaster will be an unders...
 I'll admit that I liked the first one, and was...
 The clever marketeer is he is, Jess Franco nat...
 IF you love movies about fruity dudes who pran...
 In spite of having some exciting (and daring) ...
 One of the most interesting things is that thi...
 I should explain that as far as this trend goe...
 This film comes as the ultimate disappointment...
 Every James Bond movie has its own set of rule...
 Bhagam Bhag was a waste of money and time big ...
 This movie was terrible! My friend and I were ...
 I rented this movie because the DVD cover made...
 This movie has made me upset! When I think of ...
 this movie has lot of downsides and thats all ...
 Stalingrad is a terrific movie, well acted and...
 Having grown up in New Jersey and having spent...
 Out of the 600 or so Spaghetti Westerns made t...
 Yet another British romantic comedy which audi...
 I've read some of the comments about this film...
 For some reason I just didn't like it at all a...
 When a movie of a book seems pointless and inc...
 I cheer for films that fill in subject matter ...
 This is definitely a touching movie, and a gre...
 Very disturbing, but expertly crafted & script...
 Given that Dylan Thomas is an icon of modern A...
 Cool action - yeah the premise has been done -...
 Probably one of the worst movies ever made, I'...
 This is probably one of Brian De Palma's best ...
 I was living Rawlins when this movie was made ...
 It is unbelievable that a script as cliché and...
 I was also disappointed with this movie. For s...
 I really enjoyed this documentary about Kenny ...
 There is a reason why Jay Leno himself will no...
 Well-made but basically dreary low-life melodr...
 I read Schneebaum's book (same title as this f...
 John Carradine, John Ireland, and Faith Domerg...
 When I first heard that the subject matter for...
 This movie seemed like it was going to be bett...
 One of the worse surfing movies I've ever seen...
 This movie made me feel as if I had missed som...
 This has got to be the funniest movie I have s...
 We watched this on "The Wonderful World of Dis...
 Anderson's animation easily rivals that of Pix...
 This is one of those movies that I watch every...
 I remember when skateboarding had it's rebirth...
 Well every scene so perfectly presented. Never...
 I really dislike both Shrek films. (Since thei...
 Turkish-German director Faith Akın ("Head-On" ...
 If you ever visited Shenandoah Acres as a chil...
 What The Bleep Do We Know is a deluded and hap...
 This movie was much better than I expected. ++...
 I really enjoy this film. It is a look back in...
 Cult of the Cobra is now available on DVD in a...
 Every time I see Nicole I like her more. I lov...
 My Young Auntie is unique in a lot of ways. Fi...
 What do I say about such an absolutely beautif...
 Great western I hear you all say! Brilliant fi...
 I chose "Dead Creatures" because I thought it ...
 horrible! All i can say is that is movie was h...
 The Bone Collector is set in New York City & s...
 If you take the movie for what it is worth, yo...
 I have not seen each and every one of Chan´s m...
 I found it real shocking at first to see Willi...
 The main character, Pharaon, has suffered a lo...
 A Blair Witch-War Movie that is as much of a l...
 Six-shooter, Tunnel Sergeant, Dr. Death, Pinhe...
 Screen treatment of the comedic Broadway succe...
 I was shocked to learn that Jimmy Caan has lef...
 I saw this feature as part of the Asian Americ...
 For anyone who has ever sought happiness, "Hal...
 This cowardly and offensive film had me intrig...
 This is by far one the most boring movies I've...
 This is one of the few movies I watched twice ...
 D.W. Griffith could have made any film he want...
 Sorry, folks, but all of you that say this is ...
 This is an epic film about the unification of ...
 OK, if you're a woman who's got aggression iss...
 Maybe it's the dubbing, or maybe it's the endl...
 ......this film is pretty awful, the only thin...
 The worst movie I've ever seen in my life. Fro...
 I have to be honest and say I bought this movi...
 Seems to have been made as a vehicle for W.C. ...
 You know Jason, you know Freddy, and you know ...
 While on vacation on Northern Australia, Graci...
 2 stars, and I'm being generous. (minor spoile...
 This movie had the biggest advertising campaig...
 Ms Patty Duke's story about her life and strug...
 The industry dropped the ball on this. The tra...
 Friz Freleng's 'All Abir-r-r-d' is one of the ...
 ...but it's still an entertaining TV movie. Th...
 I have to say this is better than most SyFy ou...
 Awful movie. It's a shame that a few of Flande...
 Dirty Dancing one of my MOST favorite movies. ...
 Ulises is a literature teacher that arrives to...
 "MY WIFE AND KIDS," in my opinion, is an absol...
 A Must See!<br /><br />Excellent positive Afri...
 I really hope that Concorde/New Horizons wasn'...
 This documentary was my first introduction to ...
 This film proves that the "commercial" cinema ...
 Some people are born with mourning souls with ...
 Corky Romano has to be one of the most jaw dro...
 (Question) What do you call 100 film critics b...
 Luchino Visconti has become famous to the worl...
 French director Jean Rollin isn't exactly know...
 I am a big fan of Ludlum's work, and of the Co...
 This film is absolutely appalling and awful. I...
 **SPOILERS** Highly charge police drama about ...
 I have to admit that by moments I had to laugh...
 /* slight spoilers */<br /><br />Way back, bef...
 Well, the movie did turn out a lot better than...
 1st watched 1/1/2003 - 3 out of 10(Dir-Henri V...
 I saw "Night of the Demons 2" first before I s...
 Not the worst movie I've seen but definitely n...
 Hardcastle and McCormick is an excellent TV sh...
 <br /><br />When this film was released I dism...
 This is a poorly written and badly directed sh...
 I had long wanted to watch this romantic drama...
 In my opinion, October Sky is one of the best ...
 The only good thing about this unfunny dreck i...
 Many movies try to take universal themes and m...
 First off, I'm not a firefighter, but I'm in s...
 I was really looking forward to this movie but...
 In what will probably find itself on my list o...
 I.Q., in my opinion, is a sweet, charming, and...
 Another vast conspiracy movie that tries to bl...
 ...here comes the Romeo Division to change the...
 I am not familiar with the producer's other wo...
 I was too young to remmeber when I first saw t...
 The timing of this film being released could n...
 I completely understand the historical signifi...
 For Estoninans Finland sometimes seems like a ...
 This, in my opinion, is a very poor movie that...
 Samuel Fuller brings his customary playful and...
 I'm surprised that anyone involved with the pr...
 I really liked Get Shorty, but this movie was ...
 A powerful movie that has recovered much of it...
 Long before Terri Schiavo brought the issue of...
 Dire! Dismal! Awful! Laughable! Disappointing!...
 I rated this movie a 1 since the plot is so un...
 The sequel that no one asked for to the movie ...
 This DVD set is the complete widescreen 15-epi...
 Another winner from that 50s , 60s era that I ...
 Well, the first thing I saw after looking at t...
 Certainly expected more after seeing the cast ...
 Watched this as a late TV movie last night pur...
 What the heck was this. Somebody obviously rea...
 This is an incredibly compelling story, told w...
 this movie has NO plot. it was SUPPOSED to be ...
 i just happened to stumble on this film channe...
 I saw this at the premiere in Melbourne<br /><...
 The Box is a film with great potential, but th...
 I question the motive of the creators of this ...
 It's hard to know what to make of this weird l...
 The characters were alive and interesting, the...
 Unlike Tinseltown's version of HELLO, DOLLY!, ...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** What's going on ...
 A FROLICS OF YOUTH Short Subject.<br /><br />A...
 I cannot believe that they managed to spend US...
 No wonder that the historian Ian Kershaw, auth...
 If you haven't already seen this movie of Mary...
 I have always been a fan of David Lynch and wi...
 Rita Hayworth is right there where she should ...
 This is an early one from the boys, but some p...
 The Ma & Pa Kettle characters were highly popu...
 I was about 14 years old as I saw the musical ...
 This early sci-fi masterwork by Herbert George...
 Slayer starts in the South American rain fores...
 It's difficult to put into words the almost se...
 There are some movies you just know they are g...
 The final installment in the action thriller f...
 Joe Don Baker is an alright to good actor in s...
 The brilliant thing about Withnail & I is that...
 Cool idea... botched writing, botched directin...
 I saw the film and am very pleased to see a fi...
 Jafar Panahi's comedy-drama "Offside" portrays...
 Just ONCE, I would like to see Koontz's work g...
 This movie makes several mistakes. a few Ameri...
 I only saw IPHIGENIA once, almost 30 years ago...
 Got this off of usenet, so I wasn't prepared f...
 this documentary is founded on sponge cake as ...
 So 'Thinner'... Yep.. This Steven Bachman (rea...
 Very Cliched. Quite corny. Acting gets worse a...
 'It's easy to kill a monster, but it's hard to...
 Like Ishtar and King of Comedy, other great, m...
 This movie is good. It's not the best of the g...
 Very good drama about a young girl who attempt...
 This is a well-made documentary on the excitin...
 Leon was fantastic as always, this time playin...
 All the criticisms of this movie are quite val...
 A young man named Court is loved by everyone. ...
 I don't often go out of my way to write commen...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 This movie is very underrated. It's highly ima...
 A solid, if unremarkable film. Matthau, as Ein...
 I very much enjoyed watching this film. I tape...
 I couldn't believe my eyes when I watched Nure...
 Some people have the ability to use only 3 neu...
 After seeing the film version of Heart Of Dark...
 CAMILLE 2000 <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 2.35:1 ...
 This film moved me at age 39 in the same way t...
 If this is supposed to be the black experience...
 I'm not going to comb over TLPS's obvious pete...
 Bean, Kevin & Perry, UK TV creations that have...
 The Wayward Cloud is a frustrating film to wat...
 Olivier Gruner stars as Jacques a foreign exch...
 The story is extremely unique.It's about these...
 For anyone craving a remake of 1989's Slaves o...
 If you have seen very less films, this might b...
 "Don't Torture a Duckling" is one of the coole...
 This movie is so stupid that I want my $2.99 b...
 This movie is funny and sad enough I think tha...
 Posh Spice Victoria Beckham and her alleged ne...
 "... the beat is too strong ... we're deaf mut...
 Is it a good idea to use live animals for depa...
 Classe Tous Risques (The Big Risk) is a French...
 Anyone witness to our justice system - or lack...
 I saw this film at the Rotterdam Festival, as ...
 this is a classic American movie in combinatio...
 by the way it looks at the other comments made...
 If you decide to watch Wild Rebels, don't expe...
 This movie was sooooooo good! It was hilarious...
 Roy Thinnes and Joan Hackett are superb in thi...
 This is a stunning movie. Raw and sublimely mo...
 This is one of the great movies of the 80s in ...
 What can you possibly say? This is the uncut h...
 Saw this late one night on cable. At the time ...
 Child death and horror movies will always rema...
 The Outsiders is undoubtedly a classic Austral...
 I had no idea this movie was produced by "WWE"...
 I remember watching this is its original airin...
 ***Comments contain spoilers*** I was barely h...
 <br /><br />Superb film with no actual spoken ...
 With such a promising cast and a director that...
 I've almost forever been against the inclusion...
 Check out the first 20 minutes even though the...
 Just Before Dawn came out during the golden da...
 This is a trio of tales, "Shakti", "Devi", and...
 What's up with this movie? Does Mr. Lyne and h...
 Wow! This film is truly awful. I can't imagine...
 After watching John preform this one of a kind...
 Because of the 1988 Writers Guild of America s...
 The film was apparently spawned from an idea o...
 Here's one more beauty in the string of beauti...
 Stephen J. Cannell apparently decided a few ye...
 I saw "Caddyshack II" when I was ten and I mos...
 This is one of my all time favorite movies, PE...
 This movie is funny and painful at the same ti...
 An enjoyable movie, without a doubt, and very ...
 I've just revisited this fondly remembered bit...
 I have to admit that I went into Fever Pitch w...
 Will Spanner (David Byrnes, the fifth actor to...
 The 3rd and in my view the best of the Blackad...
 About the spoiler warning? It's not "may conta...
 When they killed off John Amos's character the...
 Esther Kahn is a young Jewish woman living in ...
 Has anyone noticed that James Earl Jones is th...
 Well then. I just watched an crap-load of movi...
 Spoiler begin The movie focuses on three frien...
 Whoever cast this movie was a genius, every ch...
 A BDSM "sub-culture" of Los Angeles serves as ...
 NIGHTS IN RODANTHE brings back to the screen t...
 WARNING: REVIEW CONTAINS SLIGHT SPOILERS<br />...
 It's very true that this film defies conventio...
 Here are some examples of Pat Robertsons dubio...
 So, what's the reason? Is there some sort of v...
 In Where The Sidewalk Ends, Otto Preminger reu...
 This is one of the movies having made signific...
 Contains spoilers. <br /><br />The British dir...
 This movie was an impressive one. My first exp...
 "Idiocracy" is the latest film to come from Mi...
 Well, I should say, "the only film related to ...
 I was 16 when I first saw the movie, and it ha...
 I didn't at all think of it this way, but my f...
 Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon, both of whom a...
 University Professor Justin Thorne (Jimmy Smit...
 I cried my heart out, watching this movie. I h...
 The people who don't like this movie seem to h...
 The only way we survived this stinker was by c...
 definitely needed a little work in season 2. S...
 This is a great film for pure entertainment, n...
 First off, to give you some idea of my taste i...
 After the general, a film that romanticized th...
 When the US entered World War I, the governmen...
 "Black Water" is one of the most tense films I...
 Im hoping this was made before Half Past Dead ...
 "Imagine if you could bring things back to lif...
 Filmed less than a year after the Soviet withd...
 Bathebo, you big dope.<br /><br />This is the ...
 I opted to watch this film for one reason and ...
 when i saw the movie at first i thought that i...
 Iam a Big fan of Mr Ram Gopal Varma but i coul...
 I saw this film in the theater when it first c...
 Most of the feedback I've heard concerning Mea...
 The book "The Railway Children" is a children'...
 I really liked the movie 'The Emporer's New Gr...
 This is a truly great film, with excellent dir...
 I know that was a goofy movie, but I enjoyed i...
 This is a rip-roaring British comedy movie and...
 Andie McDowell is beautiful as the 40-ish woma...
 While a 9 might seem like an unusually high sc...
 In the Citadel film series book The Films of G...
 It was once suggested by Pauline Kael, never a...
 Once when I was in college and we had an inter...
 As Dr. Alan Feinstone, Corbin Bernsen turns a ...
 The Sarah Silverman program is ... better than...
 I had to write a review for this film after I ...
 Unspeakably discombobulated turkey, a mix of a...
 DD films were damn corny, damn stupid and had ...
 Enjoyable movie although I think it had the po...
 This is marvelous movie, about a soul of Ale. ...
 A strong woman oriented subject after long, di...
 Set during the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, t...
 Who could have thought a non-disabled actor co...
 It has said that The Movies and Baseball both ...
 Oh, brother...after hearing about this ridicul...
 Big spoiler right here: this film is B!A!D! Bu...
 Fantastic movie! One of the best film noir mov...
 I have been a Jodie Foster fan ever since we w...
 It's hard to top this movie in several ways. E...
 This movie was bad. This movie was horrible. T...
 The concept: show 4 families of diverse ethnic...
 The various nudity scenes that other reviewers...
 The movie is a very good movie.one of the best...
 Actor Herman José plays the role of a football...
 Planet Earth has suffered a terrible environme...
 This movie was a pleasant surprise because I d...
 The cast is excellent, the acting good, the pl...
 I have to admit to enjoying bad movies. I love...
 The Three Stooges has always been some of the ...
 Dorothy Stratten is the only reason to watch t...
 This movie was terrible. The plot sucked, the ...
 Let's start by the simple lines. From the view...
 Terrible...just terrible. Probably the worst f...
 This very forced attempt to fuse Robert Altman...
 There are other movies about boarding schools ...
 Bad sequels.....this one's a real one! When th...
 I'm a fan of both actors/singers especially Ga...
 VIVAH is in my book THE BEST MOVIE OF 2006 ! P...
 This infamous ending to Koen Wauters' career c...
 Patrick Channing (Jeff Kober) is a disciple of...
 Don't get me wrong, the movie is beautiful, th...
 I went to Crooked Earth to see a piece of New ...
 An apt description by Spock of an all-powerful...
 Going into this movie I knew two things about ...
 After seeing this film I complained to my loca...
 If this film doesn't at least be selected for ...
 This was a fantastically funny footie film. Wh...
 Pretty incoherent movie about a man who belong...
 I rented this by mistake. I thought, after a c...
 This is a great short. i think every voice is ...
 I have no idea how a Texan (the director, Doug...
 I saw a great clip of this film, which I'll ta...
 I watched this video because I like Malta and ...
 The music and Laurence Olivier's sombre delive...
 Flatliners has all the ingredients of a good J...
 i have had this movie, in the back of my head ...
 Films belonging to the "film noir" genre usual...
 It's great how this movie pulls you along. I h...
 i rented this when it came out on video casset...
 The NSA, CIA, FBI, FSB and all other snoop age...
 This is one of the worst films I have seen in ...
 This was one of my favorite shows when I was a...
 No more corned beef and cabbage for her!<br />...
 When Liv Ullman's character says, "I feel like...
 Big Bad Ralph is also on the not so squeazy tr...
 "Gone With The Wind" is one of the most overra...
 The movie "The Cave" has got to be one of the ...
 Filmmakers made a rather boring everyman's sto...
 I have seen this movie a whole dozen times and...
 As someone who has both read the novel and see...
 I can't believe we don't have that 70's show a...
 This is not what one would term a happy tale. ...
 This is my favorite Renoir from the Fifties. I...
 Guys and Dolls has to be one of my favorite mu...
 I know we shouldn't expect much from a low-bud...
 How did this become a blockbuster? Dear God I ...
 Silly Disney film about a college student who ...
 We've all played Halo and Socom and GTA and Re...
 Autobiography of founder of zoo in NYC starts ...
 Sony Pictures Classics, I'm looking at you! So...
 I saw the latter half of this movie about a ye...
 Secret Sunshine (2007) is famous for its award...
 This movie features roaches as super flesh eat...
 Dragon Fighter is the first Sci-Fi Channel (al...
 This film has a brilliant soundtrack and super...
 Warning: This review contains a spoiler.<br />...
 i saw this movie the first seconds the voice o...
 I have just watched the movie for the first ti...
 I had not seen this movie since the late '80s ...
 This movie is full of pseudo deep thoughtfulne...
 I was prepared to laugh throughout this movie ...
 enjoyed the movie and efficient Confucian crim...
 I have to agree with some of the other comment...
 What a surprising treat to come across on late...
 I simply cannot believe the number of people c...
 This is a poor film. It certainly belongs in t...
 I don't care what anyone says, this movie is h...
 This film did entertain me with lots of laughs...
 Jack Black can usually make me snicker simply ...
 Generally, it's difficult to rate these cut-&-...
 This slick and gritty film consistently delive...
 It's dreadful, but ...<br /><br />Cat Stevens ...
 Just saw this movie yesterday night and I almo...
 It's not a big film. The acting is not amazing...
 Tom is about to tuck into a delicious Jerry sa...
 "What Alice Found" is the greatest movie that ...
 'Dead Letter Office' is a low-budget film abou...
 *** SPOILERS***<br /><br />One of the worst fi...
 Last night I got to see an early preview scree...
 Closet Land is a nasty piece of work with supe...
 The pilot of Enterprise has one thing that has...
 Julia (Kristina Copeland) travels with her hus...
 If you're looking for a Hollywood action packe...
 Directed by the duo Yudai Yamaguchi (Battlefie...
 Bridges's drama about a reporter who discovers...
 I really like this show. That is why I was dis...
 Jamie Foxx does a fine job of impersonating th...
 It was all over with the slashers around 88 so...
 This (very) low-budget film is fun if you're a...
 1- Stephen Baldwin doesn't care about his invo...
 After 30+ years of hiatus, once again I immers...
 This was among the STUPIDEST and PREACHIEST of...
 It didn't take too long after Halloween had ki...
 What a delightful movie. The characters were n...
 This appalling piece of tripe was (convenientl...
 I wish I could say that this show was unusual ...
 With all the "Adult" innuendos in todays famil...
 Basically this is a pale shadow of High Fideli...
 After viewing "Still Life", a short film direc...
 Cinderella....<br /><br />I hadn't watched thi...
 When I first looked at the back of the cover o...
 I went into this film with expectations, from ...
 I've seen enough of both Little Richard in int...
 as with many of Wong's films, a lot of people ...
 I found 'Shuttle' an incredibly frustrating fi...
 With Knightly and O'Tool as the leads, this fi...
 Bloody Birthday opens to a shot of Meadowvale ...
 L'Auberge Espagnole is less funny and less int...
 First of all, the title "DAILY" is a LIE. <br ...
 I do not envy Barry Levinson, Rachel Weisz, Be...
 Brainless film about two girls and some guys t...
 A lot is dated in this episode (just like most...
 I think that Toy Soldiers is an excellent movi...
 All Boris Karloff fans will love this classic ...
 I will never get back the three hours of life ...
 Wonderful cast wasted on worthless script. Ten...
 ** Warning - this post may contain spoilers **...
 The movie takes place in a little Swedish town...
 Hilarious, clean, light-hearted, and quote-wor...
 The plot - in the future when nearly all men h...
 My main criticism with the movie is the animat...
 The whole shorthand for supposedly being more ...
 Wow, it's been years since I last saw this mov...
 This film is an impressionistic, poetic take o...
 I never realized what a fabulous dancer Lana T...
 There was nothing of value in the original mov...
 I refused to watch this when it originally air...
 Graphics: brilliant, obviously. The most stunn...
 If you go into the Twins Effect looking for a ...
 Brilliant film, the next best film to The Drun...
 I grew up in the 90s; therefore, you must unde...
 For me, Pink Flamingos lived up to it's reputa...
 well worth watching, especially with the nice ...
 This film truly was poor. I went to the theatr...
 My father insisted I should watch this film wi...
 Outlandish premise that rates low on plausibil...
 The thing that's truly terrifying about this i...
 Every once in a while in the wonderful world o...
 This one was truly awful. Watching with fascin...
 When i first went to watch The Shining I was e...
 i am still not sure what the hell this movie i...
 Yeh, I know -- you're quivering with excitemen...
 Co-scripted by William H. Macy from, arguably,...
 Recently, I saw the documentary "The revolutio...
 Max Cash a charter boat captain who works off ...
 They actually make a big deal out of a scene i...
 I think I was recommended this film by the lad...
 You might suspect that the plot of this movie ...
 It's hard to know exactly what to say about th...
 this movie had me stuck in this endless loop o...
 Richard Abernethie, a very wealthy man, has di...
 I first saw The Couch Trip (1988)on late night...
 Who won the best actress Oscar for 1933? It sh...
 This is by far one of my favorite of the Ameri...
 The opening scene of this movie is pretty incr...
 i will be honest and say i gave up on watching...
 The word impossible has led many to select a p...
 There was talk on the E! Hollywood Special abo...
 Why didn't Dynamo have any pants?! Where did t...
 the scarlet coat is about bendict arnold betra...
 Whether you want to spend nearly 2 hours of yo...
 Well it looked good on paper,Nick Cage and Jer...
 i was disappointed in this documentary.i thoug...
 OK, so the musical pieces were poorly written ...
 This is a comedy of morals, so occasionally a ...
 It's about an embezzler, Peter Ustinov, who in...
 The female lead was a terrible actress which m...
 Contains spoilers. <br /><br />The British dir...
 A phenomenal achievement in awfulness. It's ac...
 Over the past century, there have been many ad...
 This is a piece of cinematic beauty, and it sh...
 I liked the movie but it should have been long...
 Offbeat, slow-paced, entertaining erotic thril...
 I totally agree with the other poster. NEMESIS...
 A very good movie. A classic sci-fi film with ...
 The trailer for this movie didn't do the movie...
 Aaron Spelling produced this made for televisi...
 This kind of film has become old hat by now, h...
 The Coen Brothers have truly outdone themselve...
 Beyond the Clouds is in many ways the weirdest...
 What's not to like about this movie? Every yea...
 In Queen of The Damned,Akasha(Aaliyah) was mor...
 I have seen this film on countless occasions, ...
 Marvelous James Stewart, Vera Miles vehicle. W...
 I would consider myself a fan of Dean Koontz; ...
 I hate this movie! It was NOTHING like the boo...
 Having not read the book, I was more open to t...
 In my eyes this is almost the perfect example ...
 <br /><br />12 Grand is the cost of a new car....
 I'd never heard of zero budget "auteur" Neil J...
 At the opposite end of the spectrum from RAIDE...
 It´s a joke, right?! Lynch could not get produ...
 I saw this movie the other night and I have to...
 LL Cool J performed much better in this movie ...
 I haven't seen this funny of a show on fox in ...
 Please Don't hate me but i have to be honest, ...
 This movie was pretty absurd. There was a FEW ...
 I had watched this as a kid but, not being muc...
 I bought this Chuck Norris DVD knowing that it...
 I'm always surprised, given that the famous ti...
 I was so eager to see this one of my favorite ...
 Just a great soundtrack. Really enjoyable musi...
 New guy at an armored car company gets talked ...
 I'D BUY THAT FOR A DOLLAR!!!<br /><br />I did ...
 It's rare, nowadays, to find a romantic comedy...
 Having just got the "Loony Tunes Golden Collec...
 I'm fond of this film and it vexes me that so ...
 This is indeed quite the strange movie... Firs...
 There are no saving graces in this dreadful, s...
 It was September 2003 that I heard the BBC wer...
 Let's see. In the "St. Elsewhere" finale we fo...
 Before Cujo,there was Lucky the devil dog. In ...
 I enjoyed Still Crazy more than any film I hav...
 a pure reality bytes film. Fragile, beautiful ...
 The show's echoed 'bubbling' sound effect used...
 I'm giving this film 9 out of 10 only because ...
 Times I look back to high school and it amazes...
 I remember Casper comic books, but don't remem...
 The first point that calls the attention in "F...
 Night Of The Living Homeless is a funny spoof ...
 Since Paul Kersey was running short of actual ...
 Have you ever seen a movie made up entirely of...
 Alright, the first time I seen "Talk Radio" wa...
 Basically what we have here is little more tha...
 Keys to the VIP is one of the most entertainin...
 I loved it so much that I bought the DVD and t...
 This might have been an excellent flick. Howev...
 This was a rip-off of the same garbage we had ...
 From all the rave reviews, we couldn't wait to...
 A terrible movie containing a bevy of D-list C...
 Stoic and laconic soldier Sergeant Todd (a fin...
 There is no artistic value in this movie to de...
 Food always makes a good topic in movies, as "...
 The title got my attention and then I wondered...
 Upon a recommendation from a friend and my adm...
 Blake Edwards' legendary fiasco, begins to see...
 That's certainly not the best film ever. But t...
 I saw this movie at midnight on On Demand the ...
 Some people don't like Led Zeppelin, but lucki...
 I grew up in Royersford, Pa. The town where Je...
 What starts out as an interesting story quickl...
 wow! i just have to say this show is super coo...
 There is an episode of The Simpsons which has ...
 So much has been written about the film's plot...
 "Black Dragons" is a second feature WWII propa...
 I admit, I had to fast forward through this po...
 Almost from the word go this film is poor and ...
 Nominated for the oscar "worst script ever" in...
 It may (or may not) be considered interesting ...
 Um .... a serious film about troubled teens in...
 I saw this movie with my rock climbing instruc...
 I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this...
 This movies chronicles the life and times of W...
 This film is about two female killers going on...
 I like this movie. I may be biased because I l...
 I have seen this movie and I did not care for ...
 The main reasons to see "Red Eye" are Rachel M...
 When you look back at another bad Nightmare se...
 Having already seen the original "Jack Frost",...
 If you had a mother that described you like th...
 This movie was really bad, plain and simple. H...
 That's the worst film I saw since a long time....
 Natalie Wood portrays Courtney Patterson, a po...
 Three distinct and distant individuals' lives ...
 It pays to watch Reader's Digest. Or Time, if ...
 In this approximately 34-second Thomas Edison-...
 I won't add to the plot reviews, it's not very...
 Perhaps once in a generation a film comes alon...
 I did enjoy this film, I thought it ended up b...
 In "The Squire of Gothos", Kirk and his crew e...
 "Hot Millions" is a well-written, well-acted t...
 For the record, this film is intriguing but it...
 An unmarried, twenty-something hick (played by...
 Were I not with friends, and so cheap, I would...
 Next stop on our journey through the calender-...
 What a terrible film. It sucked. It was terrib...
 This movie just happened to be on HBO yesterda...
 This was Keaton's first feature and is in actu...
 I saw a 12:45 a.m. show last night, and I woul...
 In a future society, the military component do...
 The first few minutes of "The Bodyguard" do ha...
 Cornel Wilde and three dumbbells search for su...
 This is one of the worst mini-series I have ev...
 One reviewer says of those who might not like ...
 Here's a gritty, get-the-bad guys revenge stor...
 Jack Webb is riveting as a Marine Corp drill i...
 Yeah, I remember this one! Many years since I ...
 I went on a visit to one of my relatives a whi...
 I know that this show gave a lot of liberation...
 If you want to checkout a good Jason Scott Lee...
 I have to say that sometimes "looks" are all t...
 This western is done in a different manner tha...
 Another slice of darkness and denial hiding be...
 We all have friends. Some of us have more than...
 This time we get a psycho toy maker named "Joe...
 Ang Lee clearly likes to ease into a film, to ...
 This movie could be a bit boring for some peop...
 I was very disappointed by this film for a few...
 A woman, Mujar (Marta Belengur) enters a resta...
 Sui generis. Folks, I'm not going to lie to yo...
 I watched this movie about six years ago and I...
 I have to offset all the terrible comments. I ...
 Most films are crappy with high production val...
 I could never remember the name of this show. ...
 Dan Katzir has produced a wonderful film that ...
 "Blood of the Sacred, Blood of the Damned" is ...
 I watched this film over a hundred times. It i...
 Sorry to say but was disappointed in the film....
 I happened to catch this film at a screening i...
 If this movie is coming to a theater near you,...
 This bittersweet slice of magic realism had a ...
 I'm out of words to describe the beauty of "Th...
 Never has the words "hidden gem" been so accur...
 A Pentagon science team seem to have perfected...
 I watched this film for 45 minutes and counted...
 First I would like to say how great this. It i...
 Fräulein Doktor is as good a demonstration as ...
 Plunkett and Macleane is a wonderful updating ...
 I watched this movie as a child and still enjo...
 I am glad I saw this film having seen some of ...
 "The Best Movie of the 90's" "The Welsh Trains...
 Lead actor Yuko Tanaka fulfills so much in the...
 Paul Hennessy and his wife, Cate must deal wit...
 this is film is probably one of the best i've ...
 Here is one movie that is genuinely funny at e...
 I saw this in a preview screening and have to ...
 There are similarities between Ray Lawrence's ...
 If it wasn't for the terrific music, I would n...
 Saw this my last day at the festival, and was ...
 I've tried to watch this show several times, b...
 Absolutely laughable film. I live in London an...
 This is a top car flick (Its a work of art/ YE...
 I shouldn't like Jackass Number Two. No one sh...
 Really bad Italian horror movie, a sort of rem...
 The men can slaver over Lollo, if they like (o...
 Allen goes to the country (somewhere he hates ...
 In my book "Basic Instinct" was a perfect film...
 I went to see this film based on the review by...
 I'm going to be generous here and give it a 3 ...
 In the world of "shorts" (most of which aren't...
 A teenage film about angst, friendship, loyalt...
 This is an excellent example of an entreatingl...
 How can someone NOT like this movie??? This mo...
 Naturally in a film who's main themes are of m...
 This movie is not only poorly scripted and dir...
 After seeing The Aristocats: Special Edition i...
 Visconti's Death in Venice qualifies as one of...
 Okay, so I'm not a big video game buff, but wa...
 Did anyone stop to realise what sort of movie ...
 Supercarrier was my favorite movie in the late...
 I don't know why they even kept the name. How ...
 May Contain Spoilers!!! In no way, shape or fo...
 This is one of those rare movies, it's lovely ...
 This is the worst documentary to come out of C...
 Even though it doesn't really matter to the fi...
 Lang does Hawks as well as Hawks does in the f...
 Well, I guess I'll have to be the one to say "...
 okay, this movie f*ck in' rules. it is without...
 Goodnight, Mister Tom begins in an impossibly ...
 First things first: I'm not a conservative. An...
 This movie starts by showing you a map and the...
 Talk about false advertising! I wasted an hour...
 A story about love and hate, tragedy and happi...
 In all truth, this really isn't a "movie" so m...
 So here's a bit of background on how I came to...
 Little Dieter Needs to Fly was my first film d...
 Some people think this was a rather bad TV ser...
 "Black Friday" did this plot so much better, w...
 Sequels, well there are many reasons to make '...
 I love this movie, one of my all time favorite...
 **Possible Spoilers Ahead**<br /><br />Gerald ...
 This Columbo episode is one of the better and ...
 Stone has tried another type of movie. Any Giv...
 Yesterday I watched this movie for the third t...
 This is a really bad waste of your time. I wou...
 Typically Spanish production - slow-moving, bu...
 Horrible acting, Bad story line, cheesy makeup...
 This is an extremely-powerful based-on-a-true ...
 The 1998 version of "Psycho" needed to be set ...
 This film tries very hard to be an "action" fi...
 It occurs to me that some of the films that ha...
 1st the good news. The 3-D is spectacularly we...
 It's not fair. I was really expecting this to ...
 Good Times was a groundbreaking comedy about t...
 I saw this movie for 2 reasons--I like Gerard ...
 Hitch is a light-hearted comedy that will ente...
 I had been looking forward to this movie since...
 Now, I LOVE Italian horror films. The cheesier...
 Actually my vote is a 7.5. Anyway, the movie w...
 Uneven Bollywood drama. Karisma Kapoor is exce...
 I saw this movie on my flight from Philly to D...
 Greetings again from the darkness. 18 director...
 Nicely done, and along with "New voyages" it's...
 I thought "Intensive Care" was quite bad and v...
 One of the best silent dramas I've seen. As da...
 Amnesiac women who remove their clothes at the...
 I first remember seeing this one back in the 7...
 Again, we're getting a melange of themes well ...
 Romantic comedy movies are definitely the most...
 Well!! the movie has Catherine Zeta Jones in i...
 On Steve Irwin's show, he's hillarious. He doe...
 I'm a huge fan of the spy genre and this is on...
 Eddy Murphy and Robert De Niro should be a com...
 Maybe it's because I looked up the history of ...
 Okay, you hippies are probably wondering what ...
 The credits at the end read "ALL directed by S...
 The film was very outstanding despite the NC-1...
 Things get dull early an often in this in this...
 This sounded like it was going to be like Sile...
 Shirley Knight plays Sara Ravenna, a Long Isla...
 I wasn't sure what to expect but am I glad I w...
 ... in search of the cheesiest "so bad it's go...
 There is so much to love in this darling littl...
 In his feature film debut `Yellow,' Chris Chan...
 A documentarist, like any filmmaker, must conv...
 This is one of those movies the critics really...
 This film has great acting, great photography ...
 Believe me when I say this show is just plain ...
 Awful is really all one needs to know. First t...
 I totally agree. This is "Pitch Black undergro...
 What has to change in today's attitude towards...
 Overall this is a delightful, light-hearted, r...
 Some people say this show was good in it's ear...
 I enjoyed this movie. More than I expected. It...
 It is difficult to imagine how the engaging Da...
 This movie was advertised as a comedy but was ...
 In Everything Is Illuminated, Elijah Wood play...
 I really think that people are taking the wron...
 You will be able to tell within the first 30 s...
 The last person who dies before New Years, is ...
 The actors in this dark film are truly believa...
 I acquired this film a couple of years ago and...
 This movie is amazing. It is funny, sexy, viol...
 Walking the tightrope between comedy and drama...
 There were a lot of things going against this ...
 This complete mess of a movie was directed by ...
 This movie was probably the biggest waste of m...
 I have seen this movie twice and it's theme is...
 Hollow Man starts as brilliant but flawed scie...
 A tedious mixture of puerile efforts at humour...
 This is a thoroughly diabolical tale of just h...
 I didn't really expect much from "The Night Li...
 This is a perfect movie to watch with a loved ...
 Your time and brains will be much better spent...
 I ended up watching The Tenants with my close ...
 If this could be rated a 0, it would be. From ...
 As perhaps one of the few Canadians who did no...
 Before Sunrise has many remarkable things goin...
 The storyline of The Milkwoman is a simple one...
 This film is a good example of how through med...
 They did it again: ripped off an old show's ti...
 This is one the few movies I can watch over an...
 After reading more than my fair share of revie...
 Alan Rudolph is a so-so director, without that...
 I played Sam (the porter, Lou's sidekick) in t...
 Now don't get me wrong, i love a good film and...
 On a scale of 1-10 "Suicidal Sweetheart" got a...
 Hollywood North is a satirical look at the tim...
 Fay, the sister of the notorious Nobel prize-w...
 Sixth (And last) movie in the boxset. Well, lo...
 Well, this latest version of Mansfield Park se...
 This show has shown it's true colors now that ...
 I love a good sappy love story (and I'm a guy)...
 This is a pitiful movie. What makes it even mo...
 There is no denying that this is a bad movie. ...
 It's my opinion that when you decide to re-mak...
 The plot of this movie is dangerously thin and...
 I understand wanting to make a movie that is e...
 You're using the IMDb.<br /><br />You've given...
 A beloved and devoted priest from a small town...
 I saw this movie at Sundance 2005 and was stun...
 Oh, my gosh...I thought CBS primetime televisi...
 It came as no surprise to me that this was a v...
 At first sight this movie doesn't look like a ...
 I saw this version of Hamlet on television man...
 Shwaas is awesome ! considering that the produ...
 I have seen many movies over the years and I a...
 I only wish that Return of the Jedi, have been...
 This is a movie that is bad in every imaginabl...
 Did people expect "Jurassic Park 3" to be full...
 A girl is looking for her soul mate-- this mov...
 First To Die 2003<br /><br />I'll admit my mis...
 Boris and Bela do well together in this film,w...
 Love it, love it, love it! This is another abs...
 I really wanted to like this movie and watched...
 I found this film to be the usual French slap ...
 The title alone (along with the poster) is eno...
 I have a thing for old black and white movies ...
 Gentleman Jim is another case of print the leg...
 Barman just wanted to make a movie because he ...
 I just re-watched this thriller, one I had pre...
 Betty is as an understudy in a production of V...
 A lot has already been written about the film ...
 Before seeing this film, I suggest the viewer ...
 I don't know how this movie has received so ma...
 She's The Man was everything I wanted it to be...
 First of all, I would just like to say to ever...
 If The Man in the White Suit had been done in ...
 I always felt that a good film should have a p...
 There was a recent documentary on making movie...
 This film was embarrassing in its clichés, poo...
 The comments for Commune make it sound like a ...
 I really enjoyed this film because I have a tr...
 I first saw this version of "A Christmas Carol...
 City Streets is amazingly modern technically s...
 To some of us, director Ernst Lubitsch, adored...
 you know I've seen a lot of crappy hong kong m...
 I would like to know why John Amos left the sh...
 This move is about as bad as they come. I was,...
 I am shocked by all the good reviews on the co...
 Apparently Hollywood is just handing out money...
 I can't believe it's been ten years since this...
 I first saw this film as a teenager. It was at...
 Judy Davis shows us here why she is one of Aus...
 I knew this movie wasn't going to be amazing, ...
 There is no real story the film seems more lik...
 I recently saw Blind Spot in Coyoacan, where i...
 This picture doesn't have any big explosions o...
 This film is an eery, but interesting film. I ...
 If you're one of those people who doesn't real...
 Okay, now, I know there are millions of Americ...
 Saw the film at it's Lawrence, Kansas premiere...
 The Flock is not really a movie. It's a wannab...
 Simply one of the best movies ever. If you won...
 I never thought I'd say this about a biopic, b...
 Although well past the target audience, I've a...
 Directed by Samuel Fuller, who also wrote the ...
 I saw this movie way back when it premiered.<b...
 Turkish Cinema has a big problem. Directors ar...
 The fact that reviewers feel very intensely ne...
 A twist of fate puts a black man at the head o...
 This low budget digital video film has strengt...
 When I was 16 I saw the documentary: "A Funny ...
 Rating "10/10" Master piece<br /><br />Some ye...
 This movie came very close to being a good fli...
 "The Next Karate Kid" is a thoroughly predicta...
 There was once someone in my family (not sayin...
 I've been watching a lot of Asian horror movie...
 By submitting this comment you are agreeing to...
 I went to see this film at the cinema on the s...
 Dear Readers, 2001: A Space Odyssey is Kubrick...
 The most succinct way to describe Ride With Th...
 "Ripe" is one of those awful indies which mana...
 Ok, I first saw this movie like at 9:00 on Cin...
 Definitely not a good film but nowhere as bad ...
 This has to be one of those times you come acr...
 Second-feature concerns a young woman in Londo...
 Once again proving his amazing versatility, Jo...
 I went for this movie believing it had good ra...
 After watching Tipping the Velvet by Sarah wat...
 ...intimate and specific. Yes, a bit of a cind...
 An introspective look at the relationship betw...
 Director Kinji Fukasaku is perhaps best known,...
 Eric Stoltz delivers an extraordinary performa...
 I was sitting at home and flipping channels wh...
 Out of the handful of alternative titles in En...
 Zarkorr is one bad movie. This doesn't even ra...
 Many of the lead characters in Hideo Gosha's 1...
 Focus is an engaging story told in urban, WWII...
 I, like many folks, believe the 1989 epic Lone...
 Didn't care for the movie, the book was better...
 From Kreestos: <br /><br />The dialog is terri...
 This comment discusses "North and South Book I...
 ....after 16 years Tim Burton finally disappoi...
 A feminist tract in which if you the viewer be...
 this movie was clearly done poorly and in a ru...
 This was one of the DVD's I recently bought in...
 I finally received my DVD today, viewed it and...
 This remarkable film can be summed up very eas...
 Monday, October 02, 2006 So I got together wit...
 Some films are so badly made they are watchabl...
 I Last night I had the pleasure of seeing the ...
 I'm glad I read the Sarah Waters novel first, ...
 'The Last Wave' is far more than the sum of it...
 Silverlake Life, The view from here, is an abs...
 This is a funny, clever film and well worth yo...
 Kurt Russell, whose career started when he kic...
 Before I took a job as a reviewer, I never wen...
 And that's how the greatest comedy of TV start...
 Have you ever, or do you have, a pet who's bee...
 A classic late 50's film. The superannuated he...
 At last!! Sandra Bullock is indeed a beautiful...
 This movie is about a young couple running awa...
 I'm sorry but i don't understand how the studi...
 This was a very strong look at prejudice and g...
 As a fan of Eric Rohmer's studies of the conte...
 I was @ 13 yrs of age when I saw this greatly ...
 The whole does not even come close to the sum ...
 The movie within the movie - a concept done ma...
 Well done Al Gore! You have become the first p...
 Well, it is hard to add comment after reading ...
 For months preceding the release of this movie...
 OK, so I rented this clown-like-Chainsaw-Massa...
 I really appreciate what Jung-won had done bef...
 For the first forty minutes or so, Luna is a r...
 I just saw this movie at the Tribeca Film Fest...
 I bought the video for £13 at HMV (we pay more...
 Violent sequel to RoboCop was directed by Irvi...
 I ordered the movie from Korea because I was a...
 I have to confess that I slept in the cinema w...
 This is the first Jean Renoir Silent film I ha...
 I'm like the rest of the fans who love this co...
 This movie is incredible. If you have the chan...
 This is an excellent movie. It is about many t...
 After the reasonably successful MASTI which wa...
 The plot certainly seemed interesting enough. ...
 The not the best movie in the world???? That w...
 Eddie Murphy is one of the funniest comedians ...
 I liked this movie way too much. My only probl...
 I have been reading the reviews for this movie...
 This appears to be one of Noel Coward's lesser...
 This movie is a shameful result of what happen...
 as a former TV editor, I can say this is as au...
 this movie sucks. did anyone notice that the e...
 What starts out as a gentle country yarn, inof...
 As someone who usually despises Ali G, Ali G I...
 After eagerly waiting to the end, I have to sa...
 The Australian public and the Australian film ...
 i didn't hate this one. i just couldn't adapt ...
 'The Italian' is among the great or near-great...
 This film was recommended to me by a friend wh...
 This movie is truly awful. After seeing the ad...
 Why would Burt Lancaster allow himself to play...
 Baldwin has really stooped low to make such mo...
 1st movie comment ever! I'll start with saying...
 It just goes to show how wrong you can be. I h...
 If this movie had been directed by a man, he w...
 This movie I've seen many times. I read the bo...
 Whilst reading through the comments left for t...
 What a travesty of movie ratings injustice - a...
 Such energy and vitality. You just can't go wr...
 This movie isn't as bad as I heard. It was enj...
 This is probably the only movie I have ever no...
 1st watched 11/7/2002 - 2 out of 10(Dir-John B...
 It takes a Serbian or at least a Balkan famili...
 Thirty years after the 1939 classic film won R...
 Oh my, this was the worst reunion movie I have...
 I saw this movie as a kid on Creature Feature ...
 I thought the movie was extremely funny and ac...
 The Shanghai Cobra starts out like gangbusters...
 If you've been looking for a film where a out ...
 Sudden Impact tends to be treated as Eastwood'...
 "Serum" starts out with credits that are quite...
 Haha, what a great little movie! Wayne Crawfor...
 I would not recommend it whatsoever. It was li...
 I must admit, at first I wasn't expecting anyt...
 Once again Mr. Costner has dragged out a movie...
 Can we say retarded? This girl has no talent w...
 ...this verson doesn't mangle the Bard that ba...
 Here is one of Jane Austen's movies that I fou...
 The Wicker Man, starring Nicolas Cage, is by n...
 John Carpenter shows how much he loves the 195...
 I think this movie is absolutely beautiful. An...
 Robin Hood: Men in Tights (1993) was a much ne...
 I don't understand. Not being a critic, i am n...
 Although it has been remade several times, thi...
 Twenty years after watching this, I still find...
 No other movie has made me feel like this befo...
 I would agree with another viewer who wrote th...
 Sure it may not be a classic but it's one full...
 This is one of the worst things to ever come o...
 This comedy is bound to be good from the get-g...
 I was lucky enough to catch this movie while v...
 I also have been a wife of an abusive husband,...
 I watched Gomeda on movie theater at my city. ...
 This is an admirable attempt from first time f...
 Conclusion: very, but very, very boring, yet I...
 When it comes to movies, I am generally easily...
 As many know, this is the feature film debut o...
 Eye in the Labyrinth is not your average Giall...
 The vigilante has long held a fascination for ...
 I have to say that this is one of the best mov...
 It was meant to be a parody on the LOTR-Trilog...
 So, you've seen the Romero movies, yes? And yo...
 This movie was definitely on the boring side. ...
 The first film was a nice one, but it is not a...
 This is a great Canadian comedy series. The mo...
 What can one say about any Wilder film other t...
 Words fail me for this appalling waste of two ...
 There were some great moments of reality in th...
 let me get started with a terrible storyline a...
 "The Cellar" is an intolerably dull and overly...
 I grew up during the time that the music in th...
 I saw this film back in the early 70's and I w...
 Liongate has yet to prove itself. Every single...
 .... And after seeing this pile of crap you wo...
 I got to watch this movie in my french class a...
 I really liked ZB1. Really, I did. I have no p...
 I have been most fortunate this year to have s...
 Although in many ways I agree with the other r...
 The movie ". . . And The Earth Did not Swallow...
 Herbie, the Volkswagen that thinks like a man,...
 If I was only allowed to watch one program in ...
 "The Return of Chandu" is notable, if one can ...
 When I saw this at a shop I thought it looked ...
 Superbly adapted to the screen and extremely f...
 This is actually a groovy-neat little flick, m...
 "Ordinary Decent Criminal" is sad because it i...
 Many of the earlier comments are right on the ...
 Deodato brings us some mildly shocking moments...
 I loved this movie. It is a definite inspirati...
 Ineffectual, molly-coddled, self-pitying, lous...
 I have only seen this movie once, when I was a...
 My ten-year old liked it. For me it was hard t...
 This film has "haunted" me since I saw it when...
 The Brave One is about a New York radio show h...
 The basic storyline here is, Aditiya (Kumar) i...
 Sarah Silverman is really the "flavor of the m...
 An excellent movie and great example of how sc...
 this is one of the funnier films i've seen. it...
 Debbie Reynolds toe-taps, tangos and, yes, tap...
 TOM BROWN'S SCHOOLDAYS <br /><br />Aspect rati...
 The Toxic Avenger, Part II starts with the sta...
 Cary Grant and Myrna Loy are perfectly cast as...
 Admittedly, I find Al Pacino to be a guilty pl...
 In this unlikely love triangle, set in 19th ce...
 When I started to watch this movie on VH-1 I c...
 The whole world is falling prey to a lethal di...
 The lovely, yet lethal Alexandra (stunning sta...
 The unfunniest so called comedy I've ever seen...
 If you think "Weird Al" Yankovic is hilarious,...
 Since its release in 1983, "A Christmas Story"...
 I've watched this film about thirty years ago ...
 I went into this movie with semi-high expectat...
 Dark Rising is your typical bad, obviously qui...
 Say what you will about cinema's "Wizard of Go...
 I rented this horrible movie. The worst think ...
 .......Playing Kaddiddlehopper, Col San Fernan...
 I rented this film out having heard of the fus...
 Listening to the director's commentary confirm...
 This movie has everything that makes a bad mov...
 I sincerely hope that at least the first seaso...
 After seeing this film months ago, it keeps ju...
 "Fat Girls" is among the worst films within th...
 Oh what a condescending movie! Set in Los Ange...
 There are some wonderful things about this mov...
 Look, it's the third one, so you already know ...
 This movie is fun to watch , doesnt have much ...
 I saw what I believe to be the best Australian...
 This would be a watchable Hollywood mediocre i...
 I got this film about a month ago and I am now...
 My wife rented this movie and then convenientl...
 Everything everyone has said already pretty mu...
 The actual crime story at the core of In Cold ...
 After reading the book, Heart of Darkness, the...
 A "friend", clearly with no taste or class, su...
 this is indeed a treat for every Bolan fan, so...
 After hitting the viewers with three very diff...
 First off, let me say that I am a great believ...
 It's funny how time went by and never saw this...
 I thought this was an extremely bad movie. The...
 Add Paulie the parrot to beloved movie animal ...
 The real shame of "The Gathering" is not in th...
 My family goes back to New Orleans late 1600's...
 First off, I hadn't seen "The Blob" since I wa...
 Like Freddy's Revenge, this sequel takes a pre...
 This is a pretty strange movie. It does comes ...
 I remember seeing this film in my late teens o...
 This movie sucks. The acting is worse than in ...
 I can remember watching this for the first tim...
 My god...i have not seen such an awful movie i...
 Pedantic, overlong fabrication which attempts ...
 When I was engaged, my fiance and I would freq...
 Wow. This was probably the worst DCOM ever. I ...
 Pretty visuals and a lot of fights make not a ...
 ***SPOILERS*** This film depicts the brutal bl...
 This movie is just so good! Despite Carmen Ele...
 First I played the second monkey island game, ...
 I was watching the Perfect Storm, and thought ...
 Symbologist Robert Langdon (Hanks) is called t...
 I saw this one remastered on DVD. It had a big...
 This movie was terrible...How can somebody eve...
 I agree with several of you that this film was...
 How can there be that many corrupt cops withou...
 What a terrible movie. Rotten tomatoes had a g...
 The 1930' were a golden age of Los Angeles wit...
 You spend most of this two-hour film wondering...
 trying hard to fit into the scary space comedy...
 I love Paul McCartney. He is, in my oppinion, ...
 I love movies in this genre. Beautiful girls, ...
 I just saw this for the first time in 10 or 15...
 I saw this movie on late night TV out of Buffa...
 Mary Pickford often stated that Tess Skinner w...
 I saw that movie, and i was shocked! Robert Ca...
 This movie is supposed to be a "lighthearted" ...
 ...and that's a goddamn shame! Please make the...
 I saw this recently and I must say, I was move...
 Funny, sexy, hot!!! There is no real plot but ...
 ZERO stars out of ****<br /><br />Endless Desc...
 Erotic cinema of the 1970's was tame compared ...
 This film is mediocre at best. Angie Harmon is...
 Lou Gossett, Jr. is great as 'Chappy Sinclair'...
 Before hitting international acclaim with The ...
 I think Andrew Davies did an admirable job of ...
 Hollywood's attempt to turn Jack London's life...
 I'm sure this was one of those "WOAH!" attract...
 No, I've never seen any of the "Santa Slasher"...
 I rate this 10 out of 10. Why?<br /><br />* It...
 The third, and final installment of "Hanzo the...
 Alright, friends, a serious movie buff is expe...
 Hmmm, a sports team is in a plane crash, gets ...
 I'm surprised that mine, so far, is the only c...
 This movie scared heck out of me when I was ju...
 I've never seen a movie get a worse release th...
 For those who are like me and are used to watc...
 In Strangers On A Train, it's obvious from the...
 The BBC'S Blue Planet is simply jaw-dropping. ...
 I mistakenly kept myself awake late last night...
 Its my favourite film because there's so much ...
 As long as you go into this movie knowing that...
 The legend of Andrei Konchalovsky's towering 4...
 This film has to be viewed in the right frame ...
 They were alternative before there was alterna...
 Madison is not too bad-if you like simplistic...
 The first time I saw this movie, I fell in lov...
 I saw his film at the Ann Arbor Film Festival....
 I agree with the guy above, It is so funny I u...
 Maybe I'm being too generous with the rating.....
 This film is beautiful to look at, but is like...
 This is a crummy film, a pretender to a genre ...
 Set just before the Second World War, this is ...
 I didn't have much faith at the beginning, but...
 I've been waiting for this movie for SO many y...
 If you liked Roman Polanski's "Repulsion", you...
 Witty and disgusting. Brash and intelligent. B...
 Summer Holiday is the forgotten musical versio...
 Why did I have to go out and buy (yes buy!) JA...
 How in the name of decency did this film ever ...
 What a fun b-movie! Shepis is absolutely beaut...
 I had no idea what I was going to see when I d...
 This was the very first movie I ever saw in my...
 Due to reading bad reviews and being told by f...
 This movie proves that you can't judge a movie...
 Some people loved "The Aristocrats" and others...
 Greedy land baron in the tiny western town of ...
 I had the funny chance of seeing this on Myste...
 Goodnight Mister Tom is so beautifully filmed ...
 This review is in response to the submission w...
 The play is cleverly constructed - begin with ...
 The original book of this was set in the 1950s...
 "Convicts" is very much a third act sort of fi...
 `Castle of Blood' (aka `Castle of Terror') is ...
 I consider myself a great admirer of David Lyn...
 I have to admit that although I'm a fan of Sha...
 Incarcerated train robber near Yuma breaks fre...
 It's hard to use words for this movie, since i...
 I just re-watched 08th MS Gundam for the 2nd t...
 I just finished watching Marigold today and I'...
 A terrible movie that is amateurish on almost ...
 After stopping by the movie store to find some...
 Make no mistake, Maureen O'Sullivan is easily ...
 The Revolt of the Zombies is not the worst mov...
 The "Amazing Mr. Williams" stars Melvyn Dougla...
 There's one line that makes it worth to rent f...
 The creative team of Jim Abrahams, David Zucke...
 Richard Dix is a big, not very nice industrial...
 I like this movie cause it has a good approach...
 As much as I hate to disagree with the origina...
 Nice, pleasant, and funny, but not earth-shatt...
 This movie is a little slow in the the beginni...
 I watched about an hour of this movie (against...
 Wow...I can't believe just how bad ZOMBIE DOOM...
 I'm embarrassed to be writing this review. I s...
 I never heard of this film when it first came ...
 Went to see the movie "Troy" this afternoon. H...
 Much about love & life can be learned from wat...
 I absolutely like this film a lot. It is not v...
 Grieving couple move to a cabin on a mountain ...
 George Segal lives with his elderly and senile...
 This movie is not your typical horror movie. I...
 Originally called The Changer. The Nostril Pic...
 It's a thoroughly successful example of a 1950...
 Writing about something so wonderful is comple...
 There's lots of ketchup but not a whole lot of...
 comeundone, I love you! I could not have come ...
 If you're looking to be either offended or amu...
 I like underdogs. So, 12 years after having fi...
 The Standard bearer of all movie serials, the ...
 This show has been my escape from reality for ...
 My older sister was born in March of 1985 and ...
 Drew Barrymore was excellent in this film. Thi...
 Bob Cummings is excellent in this, as this tec...
 This movie was horrible. I watched it three ti...
 I enjoyed the innocence of this film and how t...
 There's a lot of good that can be said for thi...
 "Scoop" is also the name of a late-Thirties Ev...
 ************* SPOILERS BELOW ************* "'N...
 The only good thing about this movie was the s...
 If it is true that sadomasochism is a two-side...
 A box with a button provides a couple with the...
 Not much to say other than it is simply a mast...
 I had a hard time sitting through this. Every ...
 The Railway Children, at least this 1970 movie...
 A fun concept, but poorly executed. Except for...
 This, "Prodigal Son" and "Eastern Condors" are...
 I wish they would just make a special section ...
 What the F*@# was this I just watched? Steven ...
 Disregard the plot and enjoy Fred Astaire doin...
 I think this is a great, classic monster film ...
 Some of the early talkies survived to become c...
 Now this is more like it!One of the best movie...
 I rented this film just to see Amber Benson, t...
 The first twenty-five minutes stand out as pos...
 I've seen several stage and film adaptations o...
 from the start of this movie you soon become a...
 I am obsessed! The story is amazing and the sh...
 Naruto the Anime TV Series has so far spawned ...
 This is a low grade cold war propaganda film c...
 Fox's "The True Story Of Jesse James" (1957) i...
 The previous reviewer has said it exactly. I s...
 this was a personal favorite of mine when i wa...
 I first saw this film as a teenager (I'm now i...
 INSPECTOR GADGET (1999) **<br /><br />Starring...
 First things first - though I believe Joel Sch...
 "Americans Next Top Model" is the best reality...
 The Internet Database lists this as a TV show....
 The only footage of Zeppelin I've seen prior t...
 This is the funniest stand up I have ever seen...
 OK - the Cons first: The obligatory '70's alli...
 Well, I tend to watch films for one of three r...
 This movie really surprised me. I had my doubt...
 When i watched this movie i had no idea what i...
 This show proved to be a waste of 30 minutes o...
 Let me just say that GRANNY was extremely well...
 I happen to like Leslie Howard, in his better ...
 David Cronenberg's `eXistenZ' is a well design...
 This movie is a real shame, not just for the p...
 One of the most interesting movies to be class...
 Hilarious, clean, light-hearted, and quote-wor...
 I like Errol Flynn; I like biographies and I l...
 In Bollywood it isn't rare that worthless film...
 I do NOT understand why anyone would waste the...
 Witchery, or Witchcraft as it's commonly known...
 Jennifer Montgomery's "Art for Teachers of Chi...
 Raoul Walsh's mega-epic, stunning filmed in an...
 First, don't be fooled by my family name. My m...
 The movie starts something like a less hyper-k...
 Excellent story, wonderful acting, amazing pro...
 Nathan Detroit runs illegal craps games for hi...
 Today You Die starts as honourable criminal Ha...
 I like both this version of DORIAN GRAY and th...
 Andreas arrives in a strange city. He doesn't ...
 I have to start out by saying that the actress...
 This really was a waste of time...the movie ha...
 Val Kilmer, solid performance. Dylan McDermott...
 if you get the slight enjoyment out of pink Fl...
 This movie surprised me, it had good one-liner...
 okay, let's cut to the chase - there's no way ...
 I saw this movie at the AFI Dallas festival. M...
 Once again, Disney manages to make a children'...
 A fine western, following the fate of those wh...
 This is the worst movie I have seen since "I K...
 "Demons III: The Ogre" is not related pre-sequ...
 To call "Rocketship X-M" a science fiction cla...
 I finally got around to seeing this after hear...
 This electrifying musical has more than a whif...
 While returning from a Christmas Eve shopping ...
 Hello, can anybody hear me? I don't know why y...
 I would not recommend this movie. Even though ...
 This movie was working toward two goals: to ma...
 Since this movie was based on a true story of ...
 The first time i saw it i got half of it but i...
 I tend to love everything the great late Paul ...
 Okay, it features one lovely blink-and-you-mis...
 I saw a preview of Freebird at the Isle of Man...
 OK, I don't really think that Trailer Park Boy...
 Bell Book and Candle was released in December ...
 I think Via Satellite is one of the best New Z...
 The plot of "Open Graves" is very simple:it's ...
 Okay, sure, this movie is a bit on the hokey s...
 A group of friends discover gold deep inside a...
 I had great expectations surrounding this movi...
 Father Hood<br /><br />I can understand why a ...
 This movie serves as a timely warning to anyon...
 Very good 1939 film where John Garfield plays ...
 This review is based on the Producer's Cut: <b...
 Fair and nifty little science fiction/horror f...
 my girlfriend, as we walk in the cold London e...
 I really don't know if this was supposed to be...
 Although this film is somewhat sanitized (beca...
 "Dressed to Kill" has been more or less forgot...
 Becky Harris plays the female shopper whose mi...
 Bill (Buddy Rogers) is sent to New York by his...
 Surely the Gershwin family realizes this is on...
 The lead characters in this movie fall into tw...
 I love Brian Yuzna's other work, even cruder s...
 The direction struck me as poor man's Ingemar ...
 I would just like all of the fans of this docu...
 I can say nothing more about this movie than: ...
 But perhaps you have to have grown up in the 8...
 I'm aware that there are some fans who might l...
 Everyone I know loves this movie, but I am afr...
 Feh. This movie started out in an interesting ...
 One of the best film I ever saw.<br /><br />Th...
 I signed in just to comment on how awfully stu...
 Ik know it is impossible to keep all details o...
 This is the ultimate one-man show in which Edd...
 If you are a fan of slap-stick that has terrib...
 On many levels it's very good. In fact, consid...
 Yes, I am a romantic of sorts who likes musica...
 Basic summary: Ipswitch used to be a community...
 From director Barbet Schroder (Reversal of For...
 I love Columbo and have seen pretty much all o...
 There have been many movies, on living the Ame...
 Unfortunately many consumers who write reviews...
 The above summary really isn't meant as a slam...
 When his elderly mother Emily (Jeanne Bates) i...
 in this movie, joe pesci slams dunks a basketb...
 Forgive me for stating the obvious, but some f...
 This poor remake of the 1963 classic starts re...
 "Carriers" follows the exploits of two guys an...
 This film looked interesting; I'd read the boo...
 Compared to this, Tarkovsky is a speed freak.<...
 Tommy JOnes and Matt Dillon do the gambling wo...
 This movie was made in Hungary i think. anyway...
 Filmmaker Bryan Forbes, who once displayed a l...
 A masterpiece.<br /><br />Thus it is, possibly...
 Cannot believe my eyes when read quite a bunch...
 Disney have done it again. Brilliant the way T...
 I had the opportunity to see this last evening...
 Wow, what can I say about this film? It's a lo...
 the lowest score possible is one star? that's ...
 I'm not sure I've ever seen a film as bad as t...
 If you've ever seen an eighties slasher, there...
 Oh, it's the movie - I thought I waited too lo...
 Oh my... bad clothing, worse synth music and t...
 Like many people on this site, I saw this movi...
 I watched 5% of this movie tonight and you may...
 I don't know the stars, or modern Chinese teen...
 What can I say about this film other than "don...
 the photography is good, the costumes are good...
 Anyone who rates this movie above a 3 has a ve...
 Cheap and manipulative. This film has no heart...
 Strained and humorless (especially in light of...
 This is the film in Antonioni's middle period ...
 'Blue Desert' may have had the potential to be...
 Stop me if you hard this one before, some chee...
 I am a 11th grader at my high school. In my Cu...
 This movie is even a big step down form the ty...
 Dolph Lundgren stars as a templar who comes to...
 I've seen some bad things in my time. A half d...
 A wonderful film by Powell and Pressburger, wh...
 New Year 2006, and I'm watching Glimmer Man ag...
 BORN TO BOOGIE is a real 'find'--though a rock...
 I watch family affairs,coronation st &east end...
 Christian Duguay directed this tidy little esp...
 By the standards of Hollywood this movie was f...
 I really enjoyed the first film and when it tu...
 I am not quite sure what to say/think about th...
 This is a charming movie starring everyone's f...
 I LOVE Sandra Bullock-She's one of my all-time...
 IT SHOULD FIRST BE SAID THAT I HAVE READ THE M...
 There's some very clever humour in this film, ...
 I saw that movie few days ago. This movie is s...
 I married a Japanese woman 14 years ago. We're...
 The Invisible Maniac starts as a young Kevin D...
 I remember this film fondly from seeing it in ...
 Okay, I am a fan of the Nightmare series and e...
 This film is as good as it is difficult to fin...
 In yet another case of misleading marketing, t...
 Physical Evidence is one of those films that y...
 MCBOING BOING is one of the cartoons that have...
 This is a total piece of crap. It is an insult...
 Based on the book "Space Vampires" by Colin Wi...
 I watched this as part of my course at Aberyst...
 I had been delighted to find that TCM was show...
 'Wicked Little Things' really separates itself...
 After his widower father dies in a horsing acc...
 Essential viewing for anyone who watches TV ne...
 I'm not really sure how to even begin to descr...
 "Un Gatto nel Cervello"/"Cat in the Brain" is ...
 The Sunshine Boys is a terrific comedy about t...
 Both my friend and I thought this movie was we...
 I turned over to this film in the middle of th...
 I'm afraid I only stayed to watch the first ho...
 Aside from the discotheque scenes that epitomi...
 I liked the first The Grudge. It really creepe...
 Just a note to add to the above comment. Fear ...
 This is one of the worst films ever. I like ch...
 I really do not know what people have against ...
 This early Sirk melodrama, shot in black and w...
 This (extremely)low-budget movie is compared t...
 This highly underrated film is (to me) what go...
 Okay, I was bored and decided to see this movi...
 Watching "Death Bed: The Bed That Eats" is lik...
 This train-wreck begins with Brujo and Alma cr...
 I don't think I'm spoiling anyone's experience...
 As a veteran of many, many pretentious French ...
 In all my 60 years of age, I have learned that...
 Billy Wilder continues his strong run of films...
 Saw this on TV. I'm glad I didn't go to the ci...
 This is easily one of the worst movies i have ...
 I recently watched this film on The Sundance C...
 What happened to Peter Bogdanovich? Once a bri...
 Return to Cabin by the Lake is Perhaps one of ...
 Reign Over Me is a success due to the powerful...
 Wow this Wrestlemania took place from 3 differ...
 With this movie only running 61 minutes and no...
 I remember when I first heard about Jack Frost...
 When a rocket from a government experiment on ...
 I am 17, and a biased Muppet fan, and while I ...
 I was 13 when this mini-series (and its sequel...
 OK, I admit that I still associate Sophie Marc...
 Sort of like a very primitive episode of "Gene...
 This picture in 1935 walked away with all kind...
 "Raw Force" is like an ultra-sleazy and perver...
 OK i have seen Hershall Gordon Lewis movies be...
 The Blob starts with one of the most bizarre t...
 I'm glad the folks at IMDb were able to deciph...
 "Tourist Trap" is a genuinely spooky low-budge...
 If you want to watch something that is for 'hi...
 My complaints here concern the movie's pacing ...
 A space ship cruising through the galaxy encou...
 I originally saw this several years ago while ...
 I decided to hire out this movie along with a ...
 While to most people watching the movie, this ...
 I wasn't impressed with the Graffiti Artist, d...
 I haven't actually finished the film. You may ...
 This movie was so poorly written and directed ...
 Great adaptation of the Christie novel. Surpri...
 The one thing that can be said about RUNNING O...
 It plays like your usual teenage-audience T&A ...
 This is a pretty obscure, dumb horror movie se...
 The only reason I watched this is because of i...
 Farewell Friend aka Adieu L'Ami/Honour Among T...
 They constructed this one as a kind of fantasy...
 This film promised a lot, so many beautiful an...
 This movie tries to hard to be something that ...
 Shame on Julia Roberts and John Cusack. They a...
 The many comments made by others have been ver...
 It may have been inevitable that with the onsl...
 The best thing one can say about the film "Tra...
 Like so many media experiments, this amateuris...
 I recently had the pleasure of seeing The Big ...
 As if there weren't enough of those floating a...
 When I was little, my parents got this movie f...
 Until I saw this film, "life is beautiful" was...
 Wow and I thought that any Steven Segal movie ...
 A fairly enjoyable kidnapping caper set in New...
 I have to say that I used to be a huge fan of ...
 I must preface this by saying I am a huge roma...
 A scientist (George Zucco) wants to create wol...
 Throughout the world the unmistakable imprint ...
 I watched SCARECROWS because of the buzz surro...
 Mild spoiler in the second paragraph.<br /><br...
 Stupid and just plain weird movie about some k...
 It's unlikely that anyone except those who ado...
 I expected a good movie. What I got was an eve...
 This couldn't have been better. The strong res...
 This version did not move me as deeply as the ...
 I saw 'New York: I Love You' today and loved i...
 ****Don't read this review if you want the sho...
 The Toxic Avenger... <br /><br />The idea of t...
 One star for the "plot". One star for the acti...
 Rowan Atkinson delivers an unforgettable perfo...
 I was amazed about this early performance of C...
 Ah! When good actors take on bland material! I...
 "Rois et Reine" is a sprawling mess of a movie...
 A thinly veiled attempt to push Hulkamania to ...
 The first 2 parts seek to reduce to absurdity ...
 Im a big horror fan and I quite enjoyed this r...
 Many films attempt the ambitious. Few succeed....
 The film is based on Kipling's heroic lines th...
 At the time I recall being quite startled and ...
 How amazing this film is! I've seen it over an...
 This movie was very good. If you are one who l...
 do not be suckered into renting this movie. It...
 Everyone plays their part pretty well in this ...
 This existential thriller, in Portuguese with ...
 First off I want to say that this film is wort...
 Firstly let me get this of my chest I hate Oct...
 Well, Jesus of Montreal is basically an intell...
 I am starting this review with a big giant spo...
 When I saw that this film was being aired on l...
 This movie is not that interesting, except for...
 I saw this movie once in or close to its relea...
 I ended up watching this movie before even goi...
 Traffik is a really well done 6 hour drama abo...
 This film is a great disappointment. Director ...
 Surely one of the lamest shows ever to be prod...
 Sherman, set the wayback machine for... 1986. ...
 Not many movies were made about the Lighter-Th...
 Everybody interested in Texas needs to have th...
 I just finished screening El Padrino in German...
 So, I'm wondering while watching this film, di...
 Okay -- the title "House of Frankenstein", was...
 Full marks for the content of this film, as a ...
 This is the only full length feature film abou...
 The young Dr. Fanshawe(Mark Letheren), an avid...
 This movie should not be compared to "The Stin...
 I thoroughly enjoyed the first part of this tw...
 Want to know the secret to making a slasher fi...
 Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare (1991) was ...
 A surprisingly beautiful movie. Beautifully co...
 This movie is a nonsense/spoof comedy, in the ...
 What on earth? Like watching an episode of Nei...
 How good is Gwyneth Paltrow! This is the right...
 "Kings and Queen" is a bloated French drama th...
 this film is really bad....... no i mean reall...
 This movie is way too long. I lost interest ab...
 SPOILERS ALERT<br /><br />Homeward Bound: The ...
 Stanley Stupid (Tom Arnold) and his wife, Joan...
 Kate Beckinsale steals the show! Bravo! Too ba...
 Many people are making fun out of Steven Seaga...
 The artist Daniel King (Chris John) and his ma...
 Love the characters and the story line. Very f...
 I am a Jane Eyre lover and a purist, and this ...
 THE BEAVER TRILOGY is, without a doubt, one of...
 I'd honestly give this movie a solid 7.5, but ...
 at first i thought it was bad because i had gr...
 I was very happy and at the same time quite su...
 I am completely shocked that this show had bee...
 I was not very excited to see this movie in th...
 The Omega Code was a model of cinematographica...
 This movie was just horrendous. How could anyb...
 Critters 4 starts, & I quote 'Somewhere in Kan...
 A most awaited film of the year 2002. After th...
 Space Camp is a pretty decent film. The plot i...
 This film is really ONLY Bill Maher's interpre...
 I'd chose either over this film. This film has...
 Oh this was a really bad movie. The girl who p...
 ... Hawk Heaven for lovers of French cinema an...
 Every now and then some amateur will come out ...
 Predator Island starts as six friends, Eric (T...
 This is one of the greatest films ever made. B...
 The focus of the key relationship in a young m...
 Good idea....shame about the actual movie. Wou...
 I am a fan of good historical fiction, and was...
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever se...
 I've been a fan of Heaven's Gate since its fir...
 This movie was playing on Lifetime Movie Netwo...
 The first was good and original. I was a not b...
 An innocent man (Steve Guttenberg) has a one-n...
 **SPOILERS*** Slow as molasses mummy movie inv...
 I gave "Airport '79" only two stars because it...
 "Visitor Q" is a failed attempt at black comed...
 OK, when I was little (and I mean like 2 or 3,...
 I got this film from a private collector and w...
 ...for the Lt to have chosen this one. First, ...
 Some people seem to think this was the worst m...
 I wasn't sure about getting this movie on DVD ...
 (Contains spoilers)<br /><br />Russia in the 1...
 Farscape totally rules! In my opinion it's ver...
 This production has absolutely no storyline. T...
 An attempt at crossover to appeal to those who...
 I was shocked at how good this German version ...
 By Randolph Scott standards of the 1950s, this...
 I'm a fan of good, plausible, action movies. A...
 I never bothered to see this movie in theaters...
 I really like this film because of all the sta...
 Laura Fraser creates her ideal man on a virtua...
 I loved the original, I watch it every year. b...
 this one is out there. Not much to say about i...
 Sally and Saint Anne is a very funny movie. Th...
 This is one of my favourite Disney films. It h...
 I don't understand what is hard hitting about ...
 Documentaries of this kind are often very opin...
 Just see it! It's a smart movie but too hard t...
 I had to walk out of the theater. After an hou...
 It has singing. It has drama. It has comedy. I...
 I'd never seen a Tarzan movie before so when I...
 Basing a television series on a popular author...
 This show has an amazing plot with good and re...
 The problem with portraying a real life indivi...
 Margaret Colin stars as the principal figure i...
 This is a modest ,unassuming traditional Weste...
 Overall this movie was excellent for its time ...
 The script for this TV soap opera is so bad th...
 I was 10 years old when this show was on TV. B...
 I just saw this movie premiere on MTV. I must ...
 ...am i missing something here??? "unexpected ...
 Before I really slag this film off, I just wan...
 Perhaps this movie was meant to be nothing but...
 I went to see suspecting I would hate it, I di...
 This film is about the worst I have seen in a ...
 This oddity from Roman Polanski clearly shows ...
 It pains me to see an awesome movie turn into ...
 Written by someone who has been there, you can...
 Cassie (Sandra Bullock) is a hyper-serious pol...
 ...that Jamie Foxx would ever deliver such a w...
 of the films of the young republic few in numb...
 Despite myself, I really kinda like this movie...
 I love Das Boot. I hoped for something along s...
 "Mame" is a disgrace to many things--to Lucill...
 If there was justice in the cinematic universe...
 LTL is the kind of formulaic, hopeless comedy ...
 An opium den, a dirty little boy (actually a m...
 Caught this film in about 1990 on video by cha...
 Naked Deanna Troi! <br /><br />Richie's brothe...
 This is one of the most boring movies I have e...
 JUDAAI was a bold film by Raj Kanwar at it's t...
 I didn't really like this movie that much at a...
 This has got to be the cheesiest, stupidest, m...
 This relatively obscure Hong Kong "minorpiece"...
 A film is beyond all expectations, an excellen...
 The movie "Holly" is the story of a young girl...
 So far only the first episode has been shown, ...
 I watched the 219 minute version and have to s...
 The filming crew did not have good access to t...
 I am right now watching "The Big Chill" on DVD...
 I am a huge fan of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire...
 "Ghost of Dragstrip Hollow" was one of the man...
 I have a friend that works at blockbuster, and...
 Watching "Der himmel über Berlin" as a teen in...
 I gave it a rating of 3 out of 10.<br /><br />...
 technically, this movie would have had it all:...
 I saw this movie in the theater when I was a k...
 Starring: James Belushi; Peter Dinklage; Alex ...
 This was a great movie with a good cast, all o...
 This story focuses on the birth defect known a...
 I've watched this film a few times and I never...
 i just watched the movie i was afraid it's gon...
 Despite being told from a British perspective ...
 ....this mini does not get better with age. I ...
 Got into this flick, just as it was beginning,...
 First off, Mexican Werewolf in Texas' title is...
 Hey now, I have never laid eyes on a Manga com...
 I believe the reason this movie did not get th...
 As a movie, THE ITALIAN JOB is ok at best; goo...
 I hadn't laughed this hard for a movie in a re...
 Most book adaptations are bad but this film le...
 I normally don't try and second guess a crime ...
 The world is made up two different types of mo...
 "Valley Girl" launched Nicolas Cage's career a...
 I saw this movie first on the Berlin Film Fest...
 <br /><br />Cheap-looking and ugly, this film ...
 I don't know if I'd consider it a masterpiece ...
 Of course you could never go into a theatre an...
 As a matter of fact, this is one of those movi...
 I watched an episode. Yes I sat through the en...
 Ha ha. - oh no - what to say about this film? ...
 I couldn't' agree more than with the comment l...
 It's along the line of comedy of errors, mista...
 I haven't seen every single movie that Burt Re...
 Wendigo is a pretty good psychological thrille...
 Honestly, this is one of the BEST horror movie...
 ...I saw this on cable back in the late 1980's...
 "The Groove Tube" was one of only two Ken Shap...
 I can't believe it, IMDb really does have ever...
 I'm a dance teacher and was looking forward to...
 I saw this film many years ago (along with ano...
 I did not like this movie. I rented it hoping ...
 Yes, I felt like I had been gutted after first...
 In the voice over which begins the film, Hughi...
 For a horror film, this is criminally dull. A ...
 This is a simple tale but it feels very manipu...
 A young couple Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) an...
 Although there's Flying Guillotines as part of...
 I didn't know what to expect when I rented thi...
 I saw this movie at an actual movie theater (p...
 Expectacular THE ATOR's second part!! Directed...
 Gave it two stars because the DVD cover was go...
 Criminals Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hicko...
 I never heard of this film til it played as pa...
 If you're even mildly interested in the War be...
 "Citizen X" is the superbly told true story of...
 Kubrick meets King. It sounded so promising ba...
 Great movie. I thought it would never be as go...
 This movie is filled with so many idiotic mome...
 This is a case of taking a fairy tale too far....
 The accountant Shohei Sugiyama (Kôji Yakusho) ...
 I bought the DVD to get Julia Ormond. Well, I ...
 This movie is a real waste of time and effort....
 Excellent and highly under-rated from beginnin...
 Heart of Darkness Movie Review Could a book th...
 Sometimes reading the user comments on IMDB fi...
 Ruggero Deodato is often credited for inventin...
 This event defined an era of wrestling enterta...
 It's wartime drama - WWII, with French and Jew...
 One of, if not THE most visually beautiful fil...
 This is an amazingly well-filmed early talkie ...
 What an inspiring movie, I laughed, cried and ...
 Another of the endless amount of cookie-cutter...
 This movie is certainly well-constructed, begi...
 Whether it's three guys in their tighty-whitey...
 I had initially heard of TEARS OF KALI a while...
 Don't waste your time on this film. It could h...
 A great movie about triumph over all the nay-s...
 Most of the Brigitte Bardot movies I've seen h...
 People tried to make me believe that the premi...
 I find it so amazing that even after all these...
 If you want to see a film starring Stan laurel...
 When Marlene Dietrich was labeled box office p...
 I have to say that some of the other reviews o...
 First off, if you're planning on watching this...
 Surprisingly Kieslowski's this movie is disapp...
 Jeremy Irons and Forrest Whitaker are good act...
 The "film" consists of the audition tapes of t...
 Move over Manos. Back off Boogens. It doesn't ...
 Captain Corelli's Mandolin is one of Nicolas C...
 Nine minutes of psychedelic, pulsating, often ...
 Okay, I saw this movie as a child and really l...
 Before watching this film (at a screening atte...
 Shot entirely on location in Bulgaria, The Man...
 Nikolai Gogol's story "Viy" has been filmed ag...
 All Hype! What better way to describe a movie ...
 Adrianne, should really get a life-without Mr....
 As far as the movie goes, it's an OK science f...
 On the 28th of December, 1895, in the Grand Ca...
 This is easily the most underrated film inn th...
 Being a child of the 1980s, I grew up with num...
 As part of an initiation prank Julie (Meg Till...
 Kalifornia is the story of a writer and his gi...
 I cannot understand why so many people did not...
 An old intellectual talks about what he consid...
 Such is the dilemma(above) that Debbie must fa...
 When I first saw the trailer for The Comebacks...
 Twisted Desire (1996) was a TV movie starring ...
 but "Cinderella" gets my vote, not only for th...
 1933 seemed to be a great year for satires ("D...
 This movie has EVERY cliché of every terrorism...
 Tom Hanks like you've never seen him before. H...
 Wow! Why aren't more British movies like this....
 Anthony Perkins and Sophia Loren are absolutel...
 A comparison between this movie and 'The Last ...
 I don't know what some of you are smoking, but...
 Truly awful. Obviously an attempt to cash in o...
 A group of extremely unlikable A-holes are tor...
 A bit "the movie in the movie" case, or as the...
 This film revolves as much around Japanese cul...
 Bergman's Skammen is one of the most realistic...
 This is definitely a girl movie. My husband fo...
 This was one of the worst movies EVER!!!!!!!! ...
 "Journey of Hope" tells of a poor Turkish fami...
 Most likely "Cleopatra 2525" will be of little...
 We saw the silent version of this film, and it...
 The film is excellent. One of the most notewor...
 In 1958, Clarksberg was a famous speed trap to...
 For any wrestling fan, this is the wrestlemani...
 The film is a collection of cliche's on just a...
 Who in their right mind does anything so stupi...
 Master cinéaste Alain Resnais likes to work wi...
 Brought Philip Larkin to life in a way that is...
 After reviewing this intense martial arts movi...
 this movie is so complex that it can be given ...
 Shintarô Katsu gained tons of fame playing the...
 Yes, in this movie you are treated to multiple...
 Canadian film-maker Ron Switzer delivers a sol...
 People criticize NSNA because it is a low-poin...
 There is so much of worth in this movie that i...
 Bette Midler is indescribable in this concert....
 "Curse of Monkey Island" is a treasure; in my ...
 This film contains more action before the open...
 The decline series is amazing and director PS ...
 This is the movie I've seen more times than an...
 It is hard to make an unbiased judgment on a f...
 Some users are confused about the identity of ...
 I think Jason Lee has huge potential, but this...
 this a great Disney flick.it is the story of a...
 The only good thing about "People I Know" is t...
 The Tattooed Stranger was another of those rar...
 Laid up and drugged out, as a kidney stone wen...
 This movie was a rather odd viewing experience...
 This sequel is quite awful to be honest. I'm a...
 Naked City: JWAB does a pretty good job of bal...
 I have always liked the Carry On films, with t...
 Luther the Geek (1990) is a dull horror movie ...
 oh my god, i give this film three stars out of...
 This is one of the best episodes from the enti...
 !!!! POSSIBLE MILD SPOILER !!!!!<br /><br />As...
 I consider this film one of the worst in the N...
 One of the most entertaining of all silent com...
 Horses on Mars is an engaging animated short t...
 As an adult I really did enjoy this one. I wat...
 Wow, this movie was horrible. As a Bills fan I...
 When I first got my N64 when I was five or six...
 Stargate is the best show ever. All the actors...
 The Ogre is a film made for TV in Italy and wa...
 The subject is World War II and Robert Ryan is...
 While most of the movie is very amateurish, th...
 I am a big fan of Deepa Mehta's work, especial...
 Animal Farm (1954) was a very good read about ...
 Despite loving Rita Hayworth, finding the fina...
 There were times when this movie seemed to get...
 This film was not great cinema, but definitely...
 What often gets overlooked in Agatha Christie'...
 I have just read what I believe to be an analy...
 This gloriously turgid melodrama represents Do...
 "The Journey" is a romantic version of the col...
 Quite simply a well-made, well-written and won...
 Miranda Cosgrove is known for her debut in "Sc...
 "Submerged" is definitely NOT "the worst movie...
 In this offering, one only has to view the cur...
 ...because this was simply awful. 101 Dalamati...
 Slim Slam Slum is a sad and disappointing pict...
 This show is awesome and we have been enjoying...
 This movie is bad, so bad that my mother who c...
 Another hand-held horror means another divisiv...
 I rank OPERA as one of the better Argento film...
 This documentary by Marian Cooper is absolutel...
 Yeah sure, the movie its visuals already did l...
 i don't know what they were thinking.by they,i...
 My favorite memory of this show and the band w...
 It was such a treat when this show was on beca...
 I would not be giving away too much of the fil...
 Role-reversal remake of 1942's "The Major and ...
 There were two things I hated about WASTED : T...
 For all the cast and crew who worked on this e...
 If you hit your teens in the 70s, as I did, yo...
 i LOVED IT and was SO shattered that there not...
 The film is exceptional in it's gay iconograph...
 <br /><br />This film was produced and release...
 I was prepared for a turgid talky soap opera c...
 An excellent cast makes this movie work; all o...
 Wow...speechless as to the making of this film...
 While I have never been a fan of the original ...
 Well you take O.J. Simpson as a all american s...
 I have been a huge Lynn Peterson fan ever sinc...
 i adore this film as much as any one adores vi...
 It all begins with a series of thefts of seemi...
 Fred Astaire is reteamed with Rita Hayworth on...
 22. JOE (drama, 1970) Joe (Peter Boyle) is a r...
 Dear Readers,<br /><br />The final battle betw...
 With a catchy title like the Butcher of Plainf...
 Disgused as an Asian Horror, "A Tale Of Two Si...
 this movie is the best horror movie i have eve...
 RIFIFI (Jules Dassin - France 1955)<br /><br /...
 Alfred Hitchcock made this comedy of mis-marri...
 "Nicodemus" is almost a copy of "Red" in the o...
 This one is a very solid Randolph Scott Wester...
 Moron and girlfriend conduct some ritual to re...
 Time For A Hit!<br /><br />Waqt Dir- Vipul Amr...
 This film proves a theory I have had for quite...
 Well made documentary focusing on two Sudanese...
 This light-heated (for Cassavetes)love story i...
 This movie has several things going for it. It...
 This is one of the best of the series, ranking...
 Contrary to most other comments about "Syriana...
 I loved this movie. It's a lot of laughs. The ...
 I cannot stress how bad this movie is. This di...
 I wasn't so impressed with this film, finding ...
 Here is one of those movies spoiled by the stu...
 This TVM seems to have polarised opinions amon...
 French cinema had always been very strong when...
 This is a movie that should have been a mini-s...
 Seeing this film for the first time twenty yea...
 This movie is a pathetic attempt, apparently, ...
 Siskel & Ebert were terrific on this show whet...
 After all these years of solving crimes, you w...
 The script for "Scary Movie 2" just wasn't rea...
 It wasn't notable enough to be truly horrible,...
 For those of us Baby Boomers who arrived too l...
 I notice the DVD version seems to have missing...
 It started off weird, the middle was weird, an...
 Oz is the TV show which is intensive non-stop ...
 To qualify my use of "realistic" in the summar...
 This film is a joke and Quinton should be asha...
 I love Jane Austen's stories. I've only read t...
 I saw this movie in a theater in Chicago and s...
 I think that anybody whose dumb enough to risk...
 In 1968 when, "SYMBIOPSYCHOTAXIPLASM: Take One...
 Realty television crew are assigned to cover a...
 The first time I had heard of Guest House Pari...
 In The White Balloon and Crimson Gold, the two...
 Not many television shows appeal to quite as m...
 I just saw DreamGirls yesterday, and I was REA...
 This movie is by far one of the worst B-movies...
 A recent post here by a woman claiming a milit...
 Just watched Conrack for the first time. Altho...
 Loved this show...smart acting, smart dialog, ...
 This short subject is a remake of the Three St...
 There are some extremely talented black direct...
 For pure gothic vampire cheese nothing can com...
 A stupid teen supposed comedy that revolves a ...
 I haven't seen this film in years so my knowle...
 I searched out this one after seeing the hilar...
 Lonesome Dove is my favorite western second on...
 For a first film in a proposed series it achie...
 Although Misty Ayers (burlesque stripper) is c...
 That might be a bit harsh for me saying that, ...
 Unfortunately, Koontz seems doomed to die with...
 Although Charlie Chaplin made some great short...
 this is the best movie i have ever seen and i ...
 Notorious HK CATIII actor, Anthony Wong, is fo...
 Talk about your classics! Ernie Fossilus (the ...
 Don't say I didn't warn you, but your gonna la...
 I am oh soooo glad I have not spent money to g...
 This film uses all art-house clichés (slow pac...
 Did Sandra (yes, she must have) know we would ...
 Adapting plays into cinema is often a bad idea...
 Oh, it's an excellent piece of work, to be sur...
 What can I say about Seven Pounds...well I wat...
 What Bergman has got here is "What if all that...
 Hoot is the best movie. go and see it if you h...
 I expected alot from this movie. Kinda like Le...
 I suppose bad Laurel and Hardy is better than ...
 It is nice to see a show that has a little mor...
 Critters 4: This movie was continued after the...
 I can't say whether the post-WWII British come...
 I am not surprised to find user comments for t...
 At first, three words: READ THE BOOK! Really g...
 The first, and far better, of Kevin Kline's tw...
 then you will be a big fan of this movie. Its ...
 As Anthony Bourdain said... "I wanted to stick...
 I rented this movie because Elijah Wood has do...
 So you've got a number of models on an island,...
 I remember ignoring the TV series when it firs...
 (spoilers)<br /><br />I was blown away by this...
 This movie is mostly chase scenes and special ...
 Who doesn't remember The Muppet Movie???<br />...
 This documentary on dinosaurs was undoubtedly ...
 As if most people didn't already have a jitter...
 The book was one of Stephen King's best. The m...
 ...and this movie easily exceeded my expectati...
 WOW what can i say. I like shity movies and i ...
 I have to admit I laughed a few times during t...
 Bardem is great. Actresses are great. But Amen...
 Like the 5-year old protagonists of his latest...
 This movie is S-L-O-W. Spent most of the movie...
 Victor Sjostrom's silent film masterpiece The ...
 We stumbled upon the documentary, Grey Gardens...
 Little Edie and Big Edie are characters that a...
 This was a disappointing film for me. It came ...
 This movie appears to have been overlooked by ...
 This is a nice movie with good performances by...
 In this paranoia-driven potboiler, our reporte...
 Begotten is black and white distorted images. ...
 Alright, so maybe the impersonations of Jay Le...
 In the year 1990, the world of Disney TV carto...
 From the first scene you are given clues as to...
 This has to be one of the most beautiful, movi...
 I dont know about you, but I've always felt dr...
 It's been about 14 years since Sharon Stone aw...
 I have this film out of the library right now ...
 This movie has to be the worst film I have see...
 While I have seen and enjoyed similar movies t...
 The best so-bad-it's-good movie ever made. Rud...
 When I finally got around to seeing this film ...
 I was very displeased with this move. Everythi...
 A wonderful cast thrown into modern mystical r...
 This is one of those star-filled over-the-top ...
 Well, what are the odds! At the exact right mo...
 8/2008. When I originally wrote my comments, s...
 This film is about a woman falling in love wit...
 the only scenes wich made me laugh where the o...
 myself and 2 sisters watched all 3 series of T...
 I do find it a bit overrated. Maybe it's just ...
 I cant believe how many excellent actors can b...
 If scientists behaved in a way that H.G. Wells...
 I have seen Shallow Grave years ago, and *that...
 This was one of the all time best episodes. Of...
 Bedrooms and Hallways gives its audience a loo...
 I would have given this LESS than a 1 rating i...
 This isn't "so bad it's good"--It's "so bad, i...
 I'm a fan of the horror movie, regardless of w...
 maybe i need to have my head examined,but i th...
 Larry Buchanan. Yep, same guy who did "Attack ...
 Ritchie's first two films were snappy, stylish...
 After The Funeral was absolutely superb, and b...
 I watched this movie when Joe Bob Briggs hoste...
 While studying the differences between religio...
 The only interesting part of this movie was it...
 Images are great and reflect well the landscap...
 Alan Rickman & Emma Thompson give good perform...
 While this movie did have a few scary moments ...
 You know when you're on the bus and someone de...
 Kay Pollak's 2004 heart-warmer Så som i himmel...
 This ranks up there as the worst movies of all...
 In the early 1990's "Step-by-Step" came as a t...
 I own a Video store with hundreds of documenta...
 Yet another example of the complete waste of U...
 Seeing as how I am a big fan of both "Fall" an...
 This was a fabulous premise based on lots of f...
 After the initial shock of realizing the guts ...
 Blondell & Farrell are excellent. Blondell was...
 Roy Rogers (as Roy) and sidekick Raymond Hatto...
 Flowers! If it's one thing you'll take away fr...
 This film captures the short moments between a...
 A virtual carbon copy of The Cave save for a f...
 The version I saw of this film was the Blockbu...
 It is difficult to find any positives in this ...
 this film tries to be immensely clever, and Ta...
 The first Robocop had a sense of cynical wit a...
 This is a feel-good movie and nothing more. An...
 What an atomic bomb of a movie. The story goes...
 As a huge fan of horror films, especially J-ho...
 Oftentimes, films of this nature come across a...
 Isabelle Huppert must be one of the greatest a...
 Chris Morris' Brass Eye TV series had always g...
 Before seeing this movie, I would've said that...
 I own 2 home entertainment stores and I've see...
 Bottom-of-the-barrel stinker is so bad it's be...
 I know I know it was a good ending but sincere...
 This guy has no idea of cinema. Okay, it seems...
 Many years ago I saw this movie (on television...
 What was Wes thinking making this dribble? It ...
 I've avoided seeing this film for some time bu...
 This extremely low-budget monster flick center...
 A bunch of women who can't act sit around, tal...
 Less a thriller than an colorful adventure wit...
 Sorry, folks! This is without a doubt the wors...
 And how many actors can he get to stand in for...
 This is the best picture about baseball since ...
 I felt this movie started out well. The acting...
 As a native of New Orleans, I can state that a...
 Sorry, but every time I see a film wherein a w...
 I'm not sure if Carpenter is looking to raise ...
 The most amazing film I have ever seen. I didn...
 This movie, with all its complexity and subtle...
 Being a fan of bad movies, I was thrilled to f...
 Don't listen to the many acerbic and derisory ...
 Seeing a photo of a man being attacked by zomb...
 caddyshack II does NO justice for the caddysac...
 When i come on IMDb boards,I'm always fed up w...
 I have waited for ages to comment on this prog...
 I would imagine that if Steve McQueen knew he ...
 "Christmas in Connecticut" is an absolute gem,...
 Wow...not in a good way.<br /><br />I can't be...
 After slightly over 50 years of avid film watc...
 Director Jonathan Lynn has made some underrate...
 I couldn't help but look at the time every 5 t...
 This show is up there with the best Comedys ma...
 Oh, boy, God bless the 1970's, we got some of ...
 I don't doubt that the critics panned this mov...
 A man (Goffredo Unger) is found floating in th...
 Okay, so the movie went straight to video. If ...
 First of all, I really can't understand how so...
 Lot of silly plot holes in the film. First we ...
 Isabel has just gone out of jail. She is decid...
 There was a video out in America called 'Carto...
 If I had never seen an episode of the original...
 "I went to the movies, to see 'Beat Street' / ...
 This is one of those movies that you watch bec...
 I quote below words from my favor writer, Paul...
 The movie is boring, the characters and scenar...
 Alright normally i am not as harsh on sequels ...
 I have to confess right off that I have never ...
 This was not the worst movie I've ever seen, b...
 This is a bizarre oddity, directed by the guy ...
 "Who Done It?" contains many surefire laughs a...
 Although the beginning of the movie in New Yor...
 Big (and we mean plus sized big) baddie Sebast...
 I grew up watching the "Bowery Boys" on the we...
 Extremely poor action film starring the ever w...
 More eeriness and dark secrets released in the...
 A must see film with great dialogues, great mu...
 I love this film. There is something for every...
 I used to write comments at IMDb, but I don't ...
 During my childhood time I have seen the first...
 Oh my god, WHY, did I waste my precious time o...
 A Chicago couple, Dillon and Dougherty, are fa...
 This a rip roaring western and i have watched ...
 This is a great movie. In the same genre of th...
 I honestly want the last 30 minuets of my life...
 There have been some great television movies i...
 One of the worst theatrical movies of the year...
 What an awesome mini-series. The original TRAF...
 This is perhaps the best rockumentary ever- a ...
 "Best in Show" is certainly Christopher Guest'...
 I found this a good movie to pass your time, b...
 This movie is funny in more ways than one. It'...
 Page 3 is one of those films Madhur Bhandarkar...
 Everyday we can watch a great number of film, ...
 The art of the absurd is alive and thriving in...
 Please! Do not waste any money on this movie. ...
 this is an entertaining movie. actually might ...
 Predictable parody, just about failed to impre...
 I read the book written by Bill Carter on whic...
 <br /><br /> What can I say? This is one of th...
 I just saw this on TCM tonight and was shocked...
 BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to comp...
 Roommates Sugar and Bobby Lee are abducted by ...
 First of all, i am from munich, where this mov...
 The film opens with the director talking to th...
 It would be wrong and reprehensible of me to a...
 William Haines sparks this tale of a brash cad...
 I first heard about Commander's Log when I was...
 I have only see three episodes of Hack, starri...
 I can't say this is the worst movie ever made,...
 This movie should be called Blame it on the Sc...
 This has to be the worst movie I have seen. Ma...
 I don't honestly know what legal or illegal su...
 Without effective indulgence of the supernatur...
 All the comments so far about this movie are n...
 This is simply another bad Chuck Norris movie....
 It's hard for me to criticize anything that Mi...
 <br /><br />This movie sucks. Ridiculous "scho...
 This short has all the elements of a great mov...
 Niagra Niagra was certainly not the best movie...
 I had seen this movie long time back, but foun...
 Some movies you watch and you say, "Well, that...
 I have seen over 2000 Studio-Era sound films--...
 Critters 4 ranks as one of the greatest films ...
 What is supposed to be a simple generic myster...
 I never really understood the controversy and ...
 I must say that I had wanted to see this film ...
 Comparable to Fight Club, The Matrix, A.I., Si...
 OK, first of all, Steve Irwin, rest in peace. ...
 "Quit while your ahead" is a phrase they never...
 OK, I normally don't add comments on movies, b...
 I saw this film right in the middle while goin...
 A group of young adults open a plain of escape...
 I'm a historian. This movie is so wrong it hur...
 I don't see how this show is like the OC at al...
 It was almost unfathomable to me that this fil...
 Sherman Hemsley was great in the Jeffersons an...
 Amando DeOssorio was never one to let a lack o...
 I actually didn't mind the Geico commercials t...
 Director John Schlesinger's tense and frantic ...
 I lived during those times and I think the pro...
 "Loonatics Unleashed " is the worst thing that...
 What's wrong with this film? Many, many things...
 This could be a cute movie for kids My grandso...
 At the start, this one is from England, so, of...
 I was surprised by how emotionally invested I ...
 The adaptation of Will Eisner's SPIRIT to the ...
 In a Morocco completely invaded by Europeans a...
 I liked most of this film. As other reviews me...
 If you are 10 years old and never seen a movie...
 Those who are not familiar with Cassandra Pete...
 Bored and unhappy young babe Zandalee (a winni...
 A very refreshing story, the life of a parrot ...
 Over acted, heavy handed, full of speeches, pr...
 This deceptively laid-back, low-key, casually ...
 It's a poor film, but I must give it to the le...
 Although not the best Anime I have ever seen b...
 A lovely librarian, played by Playboy model Kr...
 This, like Murder She Wrote, is one of those s...
 I did here this movie was good from various pe...
 I don't know who got the idea that orcas go ar...
 This is a nice little movie with a nice story,...
 This is from much of the same creative team be...
 Most of the critiques on this flick have been ...
 This is a charming movie to say the least. The...
 Even without speaking a word, Billy Connely is...
 i have to rate this movie at a 10. i'm sorry b...
 Vivacious & irrepressible, ANNE OF GREEN GABLE...
 The Kinks warned about media heroes. Outside t...
 I'm usually not inclined to write reviews abou...
 Prom Night 2 is an OK horror movie but prom ni...
 Well, "Cube" (1997), Vincenzo's first movie, w...
 It's really a shame there was so much controve...
 Ah, Domino is actually a breath of fresh air, ...
 What a waste of great acting talent. This is a...
 Although it isn't half as hilarious as "Chicke...
 I am usually disappointed by network movies. E...
 Quite simply this shouldn't have been made. It...
 By some happy coincidence the same year that J...
 Wow, praise IMDb and Google, for I have been t...
 A real disappointment from the great visual ma...
 This was the worst film i have seen for a long...
 The Director of Kannathil Muthamittal directed...
 Put this movie out of it's misery and burn the...
 I read nothing but good things about this movi...
 I really liked this movie.<br /><br />Everyone...
 The beginning of this movie had me doubting th...
 Film version of Sandra Bernhard's one-woman of...
 This is amazing-looking movie with the whole t...
 This movie is beautifully designed! There are ...
 In addition to his "Tarzan" series, the prolif...
 House of Games is a wonderful movie at multipl...
 This is a film that I keep coming back to, for...
 A terrific comedy-drama about the powers of fr...
 Where do you begin with a movie as bad as this...
 I think Gerard's comments on the doc hit the n...
 I wasn't sure how to rate this movie, since it...
 A great suspenseful thriller the acting is fir...
 I am an avid B-Rate horror film buff and have ...
 This was a riveting film, one that really drew...
 This is a complex film that explores the effec...
 I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do ...
 Adam (Eric Jungmann) and obnoxious best friend...
 An Inconvenient Truth is as entirely simplisti...
 This movie was so awful that I can't even desc...
 This tatty am dram adaptation scrambles soules...
 The movie opens with Charlie (Jeff Daniels), a...
 I saw the short titled "The Reader" recently a...
 This film has the kernel of a really good stor...
 Jim Brown stars and produces a tale set in the...
 The Five Deadly Venoms is easily the most memo...
 There is certainly emotion between the two mai...
 A great film in its genre, the direction, acti...
 Yes, this is one of the great musical movies I...
 This is one of the best and most under rated t...
 As a fan of the old series I must say that thi...
 Square pigs as a way of efficiently utilizing ...
 They had me from the first show.<br /><br />We...
 Wow! It's hard to put into words my feelings f...
 The writers of lost have outdone themselves. S...
 Movies like these are to the originals what Al...
 OK. Who brought the cheese. I love it. During ...
 I put this film in the queue on a whim after a...
 One comment said it wasn't a comedy...Mistake!...
 You know, before seeing this film I had little...
 I am right now in front of the tv, watching Ca...
 Brothers with psychokinetic powers (yes, reall...
 A good cast... A good idea but turns out it is...
 Stack should have received the Academy Award f...
 This film is a study piece for my english clas...
 Well the previews looked funny and I usually d...
 The Mascot is Ladislaw Starewicz's masterpiece...
 I wish there was a category to place this in o...
 Two things are changed from then.First of all ...
 i love this film. the songs and story lines ar...
 Darkly comic serendipity about a cosmetics sal...
 Before viewing, please make sure you have seen...
 As a comic book reader, who still sees myself ...
 I am from Romania ... and for that i apologize...
 First separate the story from the film. The st...
 A brilliant Sherlock Holmes adventure starring...
 11:11 a.k.a. Hell's Gate (2004) is another bad...
 A bare-faced rip-off of Se7en and not fit to c...
 There are no spoilers for this film as nothing...
 What starts as a homespun comedy-drama and the...
 A true hero of modern times , Chuck Norris has...
 I personally hated this movie because it was p...
 I didn't know whether to laugh or cry at this ...
 Eddie Murphy for best supporting actor??? What...
 So one day I was in the video store looking fo...
 I knew little of this movie when I entered the...
 OK here is how I do this. I grade movies on 10...
 This is a complex documentary that shows many ...
 No, not the administration of GWB, the Decider...
 I first saw this film in the late 60's, and tr...
 While it was filmed at a Florida National Guar...
 I just rented this movie to see Dolph Lundgren...
 Some movies you'll watch because they touch yo...
 Okay, I seriously CAN'T think of anything wors...
 I am listening to Istanbul, intent, my eyes cl...
 I have nothing to comment on this movie It is ...
 Oh man, this movie was toe-cringing bad. Bad l...
 I remember when this show came out. It was ori...
 his costume drama is ill cast and without char...
 Oh dear!What a disappointment. I've been watch...
 While this isn't one of Miss Davies' very wors...
 I've been largely convinced to write this revi...
 Try as I might, I just simply couldn't get int...
 1940. - A visit to the Lodz ghetto in Nazi-occ...
 This early version of the tale 'The Student of...
 This film was very interesting to me, virtuall...
 As I reach the "backside" of 35 I find myself ...
 The movie held my interest, mainly because Dia...
 SOME NOT-SO-SPOILY SPOILERS AHEAD<br /><br />W...
 I came across this movie while channel surfing...
 A Frank Capra WONDERS OF LIFE film.<br /><br /...
 I can't remember the series, I believe it may ...
 This is, in my opinion, much better than eithe...
 If "Love Me Tonight" is "the musical for peopl...
 Is this your typical women in chains navy tran...
 A little girl's dead body is found stripped of...
 I was a bit surprised to see all of the hate c...
 Well, let me start off by saying how utterly H...
 Have to be honest and say that I haven't seen ...
 2005 Toronto Film Festival Report It is offici...
 We taped this when it aired on TV back in 1995...
 Very strange screenplay by Cameron Crowe (foll...
 I was just a bit young for this one, but I had...
 Quite average even by Monogram standards, this...
 I adored this movie. Not only because I am a b...
 Foley's noir quality in this saturated and int...
 Avoid the USA version. It is with added US foo...
 I first played this around 98' or 99' when I w...
 The screenwriter poorly attempted to re-create...
 And a few more "no"s on top of that. Voodoo Ac...
 As a Dane I'm proud of the handful of good Dan...
 At the beginning we get to see the start of a ...
 While the story is sweet, and the dancing and ...
 "Everything a great documentary could be"?? Ye...
 Yikes. This is pretty bad. The play isn't grea...
 I rented this film yesterday mostly due to the...
 Jacknife is a masterpiece of the 80's. It's a ...
 Latter days is the best gay movie of the homos...
 This movie features some of the best ensemble ...
 I was intrigued by the nasty boss character as...
 Luscious Candace Bergen as a prim Victorian be...
 Pure crap, decent cinematography... I liked so...
 its too bad that no one knows anything about t...
 Nicely done evil little comedy pitting the FBI...
 When I first saw the poster of this movie, I d...
 Yes, Marie Dresler drinks prune juice that she...
 I picked this one up because the music was don...
 I rented this movie because it supposedly take...
 I try to watch it everyday most of the time, a...
 I was surprised at the low rating this film go...
 This movie is far better than the original The...
 This is the only movie that my wife and I have...
 If you have plenty of time to waste ... it's O...
 "A total waste of time" Just throw in a few ex...
 I was expecting a B-Movie French musical. Afte...
 ....so why on Earth would I see 'Sex Lives of ...
 I should never have started this film, and sto...
 Inept, boring, and incoherent supernatural "th...
 National Lampoon's Dorm Daze is easily the wor...
 John Ford paid the wagons his tribute of a spe...
 I think this show is definitely the greatest s...
 While traveling by train through Europe, the A...
 It seems that several of the people who have r...
 This is a very interesting acquaintance! "Two-...
 I love Eddie Izzard. I think this is awesome, ...
 I enjoyed this movie. Haven't seen Andy Griffi...
 This educational show focused on emotions, int...
 I am decidedly not in the target audience for ...
 There are many things to admire about this fil...
 I have lately got into the habit of purchasing...
 "Margaritas and Cock..."<br /><br />This treme...
 Having long disdained network television progr...
 This is an excellent movie that tackles the is...
 One of the most boring,pointless movies I have...
 This is perhaps the most ridiculous crap I hav...
 Glacier Fox is one of the most heartrending an...
 i love this film!! maybe it is my generation b...
 No, this has nothing to do with the sitcom "Se...
 Otto Preminger's "Porgy and Bess" stands, to d...
 This movie is of interest to the fans of the f...
 I don't pretend to be an authority on actors w...
 Time travel is a fun concept, and this film gi...
 I know the girl who did the figure skating for...
 I always loved this film. The music,story and ...
 George Burns returns as the joshing Almighty a...
 This is the biggest Flop of 2008. I don know w...
 I hate to say it, but I really do think this o...
 Mirage (1990) is a very rare horror/chiller fr...
 This is one of my all time favorites.<br /><br...
 My goodness. And here I thought that there wer...
 What a delightful film...<br /><br />Accompani...
 I saw Soylent Green back in 1973 when it was f...
 I think the consensus is pretty unanimous abou...
 This has to be the all time best computer anim...
 This is my favorite movie of all time. I just ...
 I have searched for this movie for years. I ha...
 First of all i'd like to say that this movie i...
 This is one of the funniest movies ever made. ...
 A 14 year old girl develops her first serious ...
 The Little Mermaid is one of my absolute favor...
 When I first popped in Happy Birthday to Me, I...
 Is there a book titled "How to Make a Movie wi...
 Hm. While an enjoyable movie to poke plot hole...
 Teresa Pavlinek was a popular member of the To...
 If ever I was asked to remember a song from a ...
 Here's how you do it: Believe in God and repen...
 really awful... lead actor did OK... the film,...
 More and more french cinema demonstrates that'...
 Never mind if 'National Velvet (1944)' is a bi...
 I feel that this movie is different from so ma...
 One of the most popular rentals at my local vi...
 This is one of my favorite "Capra-esque" comed...
 Ladies and Gentlemen,please don't get fooled b...
 Picked this up for 50 cents at the flea market...
 Somebody could probably make a great documenta...
 I think the best way for me to review this tit...
 to start off, i'm easily pleased. i'm in no wa...
 The German regional-broadcast-station WDR has ...
 I am a Christian and I say this movie had terr...
 Blythe Danner and Judith Ivey deliver wonderfu...
 Gargoyle starts late one night in 'Romania 153...
 basically, i like Verhoeven film because in hi...
 Unbelievable. Great cast, fair acting, interes...
 I watched pp the other night. I have to say I ...
 GUERNSEY (Maria Kraakman - Belgium/Netherlands...
 I know i loved this movie when i was 12-14 yea...
 Since I am required to write minimum of 10 lin...
 "The Vicious Circle" is a very unknown British...
 MGM hodgepodge of Jimmy Durante throwing a big...
 Extremely tense thriller set in the urban chao...
 The Story line for this game is very jerky whe...
 One of those TV films you saw in the seventies...
 It's rare for a movie to both encompass the pr...
 The Drug Years actually suffers from one of th...
 I loved this movie from the opening sequence r...
 Whether one views him as a gallant cavalier of...
 This is an absolutely true and faithful adapta...
 This is a typical low budget 1970's mess. It's...
 <br /><br />Robot jox is a great little film o...
 I thought it was one of the best sequels I hav...
 Enchanting. The best time to see this movie is...
 The Good Earth is perhaps the most boring film...
 I'm rather surprised that no reviewer so far h...
 Not every line in a comedy is funny. This movi...
 "Sorte Nula" is the #1 Box Office Portuguese m...
 ...but I would be lying. A relative was a crew...
 The movie took a new angle to Gandhi's life, w...
 This is one of the greatest films I have ever ...
 The four LA cops in fedoras driving around in ...
 This warning against anti-semitism is well-mea...
 One of the best movies out there. Yeah maybe t...
 Earnest effort which achieves some success to ...
 Another "oldie but goody" from about the same ...
 Jörg Buttgereit goes a bit too far with his mo...
 I don't much mind the factors that others here...
 While I have a great respect for Disney's anim...
 This is indeed one of the weakest films based ...
 The books of James Michener taking readers to ...
 WWF Survivor Series 2001<br /><br />This was a...
 Camp Blood looked great when I was buying it, ...
 I actually went to see this movie with low exp...
 I am a big fan of "Auntie Mame" with Rosalind ...
 Kind of hard to believe that the movie from th...
 I just saw this movie, and I have to say that ...
 I'm a fan of independent film. Dialogue driven...
 This whirling movie looks more like a combinat...
 Now infamous Western that was (at its time) th...
 I'm a big fan of Patricia Hodge and Mariam Mar...
 Not high art, not even exceptionally innovativ...
 I'm not going to waste my time writing an essa...
 Beautiful to watch, but what would be the firs...
 I saw this film at its premier at Sundance 09....
 This series is vastly underrated. Like many ot...
 Towards the end of this thriller Ally Sheedy's...
 I sat through all 2 hours. I do not know what ...
 After watching this movie once, it quickly bec...
 After seeing this film, I did not want my mone...
 Though the Our Gang comedies still have their ...
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I wa...
 I love military comedies (Sgt. Bilko, Stripes,...
 So, Madonna isn't Meryl Streep. Still, this is...
 I really can't say too much more about the plo...
 At a time when Hollywood thinks that louder, f...
 By the late forties the era of the screwball c...
 That's right, we've got a 2008 film using them...
 This is probably the best movie from director ...
 This movie has a slew of great adult stars but...
 I have never danced flamenco before, but someh...
 Soylent Green I found to be an excellent movie...
 You know, I really hate IMDb's censor system, ...
 RAINBOW BRITE AND THE STAR STEALER, in my opin...
 For a Norris movie this is pretty tame. For an...
 I had high expectations for this indie having ...
 I have watched this movie quite bemused. I am ...
 Charleton Heston wore one, James Franciscus wo...
 Robert Forster, normally a very strong charact...
 After CITIZEN KANE in 1941, Hollywood executiv...
 First off, this is the worst movie I've ever s...
 Fun, entertaining movie about WWII German spy ...
 Give me a break. How can anyone say that this ...
 This movie is a bad movie. But after watching ...
 This is a movie that was probably made to ente...
 Smashing film about film-making. Shows the int...
 " While sporadically engrossing (including a f...
 A French novelist, disgusted by his wife's soc...
 It must be remembered that the Gammera movies,...
 I gave this film 8 out of 10, reserving 10 for...
 Cheap, gloriously bad cheese from the 80's, th...
 This had the promise of being an interesting f...
 Another example that we should stay away from ...
 It could have been a morbidly fascinating look...
 When I say worse, I mean less entertaining. To...
 My former Cambridge contemporary Simon Heffer,...
 "This Man's Navy" is, as other comments have i...
 SPOILERS<br /><br />*<br /><br />*<br /><br />...
 I was pleasantly surprised to find that How to...
 This is a very moving film that takes a new tw...
 Apart from the beautiful imagery thanks to New...
 This is a perfect series for family viewing. W...
 A really very bad movie, with a very few good ...
 The story is incredible, it begins with a new ...
 Ted Danson was a great choice to play Gulliver...
 *Possible Spoilers* Although done before (and ...
 Although i watched this film by myself(thankfu...
 Did anyone else feel as betrayed as I did? The...
 This film, which is based on a true story, com...
 I've also been looking to find this movie for ...
 Painful. Painful is the only word to describe ...
 Recipe for one of the worst movies of all time...
 What should have been a routine babysitting gi...
 I have just seen this movie and have not read ...
 Now, I am going to do this without putting spo...
 I had somewhat high hopes for this since I lik...
 First of all, the nature in the movie is beaut...
 Everyone told me to see "Cactus Flower," and I...
 I saw this film at Telluride Film Festival in ...
 If it had not been for Christopher Guest's hil...
 I must not have seen the same movie as the one...
 "I hate you, you hate me, Barney stole your SU...
 Even though the story is light, the movie flow...
 A lot of people seemed to have liked the film,...
 It SURPRISINGLY had a plot! ;) I've seen movie...
 I suppose I'm supposed to take something like ...
 This greatest movie gives us clue to the depth...
 I wasn't expecting much from this tale of a ki...
 Although this film is set amongst the sophisti...
 I cannot say this movie is a disappointment be...
 This is strictly for Pryor fans. Just because ...
 The Buddy Holly Story opens on a shot of a yel...
 What starts out as a very predictable and some...
 The only saving grace of this movie is that it...
 This may contain ***SPOILERS***<br /><br />Whe...
 A great opportunity for and Indy director to m...
 This begrudging and angry film is against not ...
 I can't get over how lazy the director is with...
 Scary in places though the effects did leave s...
 I am glad being able to say almost only positi...
 I've been strangely attracted to this film sin...
 This film has a powerful philosophical ending....
 There are good ways to make a movie and bad wa...
 i rate this movie with 3 skulls, only coz the ...
 I just saw the movie, through Netflix. I was i...
 This documentary is not only one of the best d...
 Why it's none other than Ator played hilarious...
 When the Bicentennial hit, I was in Hershey, P...
 i saw switching goals ..twice....and always th...
 i can't believe how dumb this movie truly is. ...
 Why can't more directors these days create hor...
 Everyone has already commented on the cinemato...
 ... but I enjoyed this show anyway. I've been ...
 I have never known of a film to arouse such de...
 Like many, I first saw The Water Babies as a c...
 This movie could have been so much better, esp...
 Not for the first time, I'm out of kilter with...
 Ughh this movie is awful. The script is stupid...
 The inspiring story of Carl Brashear (Cuba Goo...
 Four Guys (Jacks) go into the restaurant busin...
 This may be all you need to know in order to d...
 It was Libby talking to Desmond in the flashba...
 I loved this mini series. Tara Fitzgerald did ...
 A strange mix of traditional-80s, smartassy, C...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** Some bunch of Af...
 I first saw this movie in the theater when I w...
 This Hal Roach comedy short, A Tough Winter, i...
 I of course saw the previews for this at the b...
 Let me see...I've seen every film Lou Ferrigno...
 Campfire Tales (1997)<br /><br />An excellent ...
 As a child of the 80's like so many of the oth...
 I could not even bring myself to watch this mo...
 Zeke Rippy (Mic) is great, you totally believe...
 Eddie Monroe is Hooooot. He is a great actor a...
 In an apparent attempt to avoid remaking the o...
 This show is a perfect example of how the CBC ...
 A boat builder in a sleepy town in Maine is go...
 I found the episodes to be fascinating and wel...
 Well, one has to give the director credit for ...
 Every great once in a while, you stumble upon ...
 CLASS OF '61 <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.33:1<...
 I thought that Baseketball was one of the most...
 To all the miserable people who have done ever...
 Seems like M.Hazanavicius is back!The man behi...
 Whatever happened to Keaton is what I want to ...
 You would probably get something like this. I'...
 First of all, this movie is gross to the point...
 A sequel to (actually a remake of) Disney's 19...
 'The English Patient' can rightly be compared ...
 I found this film to be quite an oddity. From ...
 I wasn't expecting "Citizen Kane" but I was ho...
 didn't sound like it was from a fantasy film. ...
 This is a pale imitation of the Die Hard franc...
 As someone who's never been into sports, it se...
 1959 was a landmark in the world of film. Seve...
 I am a huge fan of the first four Ju-on projec...
 This film was utterly horrible. Stupid premise...
 All right, let me start by saying I love the o...
 I thought this was a very good movie. Someone ...
 I have to totally disagree with the other comm...
 Pistol-packing Pam Grier takes names and kicks...
 for all the subtle charms this student film ma...
 Found this film for one dollar ($1.00) and the...
 When I saw the Dentist, I thought it was very ...
 I like to keep my reviews short and simple, bu...
 The name "cult movie" is often given to films ...
 I would rather have 20 root canals than go thr...
 What a tedious turgid boring mess. This is a c...
 I quite this Anne Rice book adaption. While mo...
 I began watching a replay of this TV movie on ...
 Rollerskating vampires?! I'm sorry but even fo...
 - Let me start by saying that I understand tha...
 Here is the explanation screenwriter Pamela Ka...
 A great animation movie that really gets up to...
 A mock documentary about a pair of Canadian pr...
 What do you do with all the material that does...
 Well, on the endless quest for horror, we will...
 Well, after the hype surrounding the film and ...
 Winning 26 out of the 28 awards it was nominat...
 I had fun watching Red Eye. It's not a masterp...
 Lucasarts have pulled yet another beauty out o...
 OK, a film about a film that takes a crack at ...
 This movie is a laugh and a half. From the fir...
 There are two distinct ways to enjoy this snap...
 Maybe people do like having the devil around m...
 This movie is probably the worst I have seen. ...
 There's nothing left undone about this Perry a...
 I think the filmographic lineage may run like ...
 When I rented this movie, I had very low expec...
 After growing up in the gritty streets of Detr...
 I'm racking my brain, but I can't seem to thin...
 I would not hesitate to put this adaptation of...
 Intriguing. Exciting. Dramatic. Explosive. Com...
 Come on? FANTASTIC DRAMA ON SCREEN? Are you jo...
 After seeing this film I feel like I know just...
 This is one heck of a sleazy film. Like so man...
 This movie appears to have been made by someon...
 This was Hitchcock's third Hollywood feature, ...
 My wife and I really had high hopes for this f...
 what ever you do do not waste your time on thi...
 While others may contend that by viewing other...
 Firstly, I would like to point out that people...
 The most disposable movie in the history of ci...
 After watching Oldboy I was a little disappoin...
 Like the first film in this series (SLAUGHTER,...
 The most disturbing thing about this film is n...
 i saw this movie when i was 13 and i really li...
 I rented this movie last week. I saw Kevin Spa...
 I am a big fan of the 1995 version, which I ha...
 when I first heard about this movie, I noticed...
 the first Child's Play was an original and eff...
 Shlock-merchant Leo Fulci takes a change of pa...
 Let me begin with a personal note as a film an...
 The easiest way to describe this movie is as a...
 I felt last night's episode was slow and kinda...
 I seemed to find the trailers better than the ...
 I know what most of people will think about th...
 I don't know where to begin. The cast is full ...
 This was a great book and the possibilities fo...
 Wow! My mom bought me this movie because it wa...
 Marlon Brando and Frank Sinatra HATED each oth...
 In the 50's, a gay photographer called Bob Miz...
 Relentlessly stupid, no-budget "war picture" m...
 I was unsure whether or not Andy Sidaris could...
 I just saw this film last night, and I have to...
 A few days ago, I watched a documentary called...
 I was really beginning to enjoy this show. It ...
 A great movie, rather challenging than really ...
 Jimmy Dean could not have been more hammy or a...
 Featuring some amazing and wonderful character...
 This is one of those films the British Lottery...
 Gosh, I am learning pretty fast that sometimes...
 But even caricatures need a plausible plot lin...
 Once upon a time there was a science fiction a...
 This excellent movie starring Elizabeth Montgo...
 1st watched 5/26/2002 - 4 out of 10(Dir-Michae...
 The plot of 'House of Games' is the strongest ...
 The best British Comedy Film ever! For years E...
 I have never seen this in the theater, my seco...
 I watched this movie only because I was under ...
 This movie was craptacular. I was so emotional...
 I only gave this film a 4 because I saw it in ...
 This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top ...
 Holy cow, what a piece of sh*t this movie is. ...
 This is without doubt Rajnikanth's worst movie...
 Watching Showtime I got the impression that th...
 Into a happy household comes the gypsy girl, p...
 It's hard to believe that oprah winfrey produc...
 This movie is pretty cheesy, but I do give it ...
 This is one great, sweeping, movie you will re...
 Sure, this one isn't really a blockbuster, nor...
 Let's be honest. As a film school project, mad...
 Kids - of whatever age - do not want to know a...
 Yes, this was pure unbelievable condescending ...
 John Holmes is so famous, he's infamous (as th...
 hg is normally exploitive, and it's never real...
 I first started watching this show probably ar...
 There is an old saying that relates to the rou...
 I can't say too much about Kalifornia as sadly...
 "Home Room" like "Zero Day" and "Elephant", wa...
 And one of 'em are bad movies. The title, as i...
 This movie makes Canadians and Brits out to be...
 Finding this piece sandwiched between a stale ...
 I saw this turkey in the theater, but I had a ...
 Inglorious Basterds makes no apologies, asks f...
 First an explanation on what makes a great mov...
 She's the Man was the funniest movie I have ev...
 Jimmy Stewart and Anthony Mann teamed to do so...
 This film was not nearly as much of a chore as...
 This is just about one of the dumbest things I...
 First of all I've got to give it to the people...
 One of the most nihilistic and brutal films I'...
 When Wallace and Gromit burst onto the scene i...
 Spoilers? Maybe a few details, but nothing too...
 This is a brilliant, lavish Czech film from th...
 Boasting some pretty good Rick Baker-esque spe...
 I wanted to see an action comedy with a satiri...
 This movies shook my will to live why this abo...
 The silent film the Pride of the Clan starring...
 Right, here we go, you have probably read in p...
 So I had heard from a few people that this fil...
 This film has me seriously doubting again whet...
 I was very surprised how bad this movie was. N...
 What to say about this movie? A married couple...
 David Burton(Richard Chamberlain, quite good)i...
 I recently bought this movie and I do not regr...
 I am a fan of Ed Harris' work and I really had...
 Roman Polanski has made many, many movies that...
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever se...
 When this film opened back in 1976, legend has...
 This is one of the movies one has to start wat...
 "Tart" is a good illustration of old the Yogi ...
 How much do I love this film?! Now I'm not a f...
 To the guy who hatched the idea for Lifeforce ...
 Any film with a title as ridiculous as "The Ba...
 Not the best of actors' movies.The director ha...
 80's comedies (especially ones with John Cusak...
 The version of this film I saw was titled 'Hor...
 this is a wonderful film, makes the 1950'S loo...
 Meryl Streep may be the greatest actor working...
 Having seen Charley Boorman in Long Way Round ...
 "One True Thing" puts Zellweger in the midst o...
 I saw this movie for the first time a little o...
 Eh, not a particular good slasher flick. So-so...
 This was probably the worst movie ever, seriou...
 The movie isn't too bad, up until...<br /><br ...
 This film features Ben Chaplin as a bored bank...
 If you like film, don't miss this one. If you ...
 I found this movie to be suspenseful almost fr...
 I believe Cockpuncher to be the best piece of ...
 Pretty disappointing prequel to the first two ...
 This movie stinks! You will want back the two-...
 Anybody who has ever been a fan of the origina...
 Honestly, this may be the worst movie I've eve...
 But the rest of us, who love a good sentimenta...
 Michael Rooker is a decent actor, but he has n...
 After the glories of The Snare, it was unlikel...
 This is one of those films that, for whatever ...
 If "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" is the father...
 Director Douglas Sirk scores again with this, ...
 The Italian Job is a real blast to watch. It's...
 Of those comments here before mine, I mostly a...
 I'm a pretty old dude, old enough to remember ...
 the only reason i bought this DVD is because c...
 Where do they get the money to make films like...
 eXistenZ combines director David Cronenberg's ...
 I don't think I really have any spoilers in he...
 not to long after Jeff Jarrett left the WWF fo...
 This is an excellent film. The aerial scenes w...
 "2001: A Space Odyssey" is set in 2001 and the...
 I didn't like this film at all! First of all,I...
 Action, violence, sex and coarse language are ...
 There were a lot of 50's sci-fi movies. They w...
 I saw this movie at a screener and its the bes...
 I first saw Robin Hood: Men in Tights back in ...
 This movie is painful. That's probably the bes...
 One of the last great musicals of the 60s. I w...
 In 1979, I was a boy of 12 years old, My paren...
 I HATE plane crash movies...ALL of them! In fa...
 Good (not great) little horror film with a hig...
 Colleges, High Schools, Fraternities and Soror...
 Well i do disagreed with the other comment pos...
 The plot is very basic, but acceptable: A youn...
 Not to be mistaken as the highly touted Samuel...
 Eyes of the Werewolf (1999) is a really bad mo...
 I love the series! Many of the stereotypes por...
 No doubt Frank Sinatra was a talented actor as...
 In 2004, I liked it. Then it became very stupi...
 It is a story of Siberian village people from ...
 This is standard fare from a director who as l...
 When I first bought this movie, I had my doubt...
 Don't you just hate it when you order steak bu...
 I have no idea what people are complaining abo...
 I keep waiting for Peter Fonda to start acting...
 I haven't seen this movie in years, the last t...
 Quite simply, i was tickled pink watching this...
 Chaplin was great a silent comedian, but many ...
 The tighter the drama, the better the film of ...
 I'll be brief: I normally hate films like this...
 envy is not as funny as i thought it would ini...
 After the opening credits, there's a black scr...
 After being hugely entertained by Mr. Brosnan'...
 This film may have been the first Puppet Maste...
 This is such a great movie to watch and all th...
 I haven't liked many TV shows post 1990, but T...
 i think the title of the movie describes it we...
 When I saw that IMDb users rated this movie th...
 It's impossible to make a film based on such a...
 The year is 1896.Jeff Webster (James Stewart) ...
 SPOILER WARNING<br /><br />I got this dino-doc...
 Verry classic plot but a verry fun horror movi...
 Once a year in America, Saturday morning would...
 I rented this movie the other night because ne...
 I found this movie hilarious. The spoofs on ot...
 Kudos to the writers of this film for creating...
 There is no way to put into words just how bad...
 Sadly, Marry Harron decided to do a fictional ...
 What is "Cry Freedom" like? It is simply great...
 Can't get much eerier than Flatliners. This de...
 That movie while slightly flawed was entirely ...
 I'm sorry but I just honestly cannot see why a...
 At the end of the film I just asked myself :"i...
 absolutely trash. i liked Halloween and from t...
 Several features of this film immediately date...
 I had the privilege of attending a regional pr...
 OK, I saw this in the theaters when it came ou...
 Beautiful images, propaganda and history as to...
 I really enjoyed this. I got it thinking it wa...
 Sort of family parody blending "An Officer And...
 this movie scared the hell out of me for no go...
 Supercraptastic slasher fare, which feels over...
 This is one of a very few movies with terrific...
 Using tons of stock footage, not only from Tra...
 Fat Man And Little Boy were the code names of ...
 Often considered Argento's last "great" film, ...
 When I was very young, my mother had a series ...
 This little cheapy is notable only because it ...
 It's a short movie from David Lynch with just ...
 Movie watchers often say great movies must hav...
 Words cannot describe how asinine, juvenile,an...
 I don't know if I'm just weird, but I thorough...
 I hate films about sports. I guess the pre-fab...
 Final Score...who cares - it's a reality show....
 One of the most boring movies I've ever had to...
 This movie was ridiculous from the start. Let ...
 Watching David&Bathsheba is a much better way ...
 I rarely write a negative review for this site...
 This was actually my favorite series of Scooby...
 This film takes you to another time when there...
 Here are the matches . . . (adv. = advantage)<...
 Absolutely fantastic trash....this one has it ...
 The only print of CHIKAMATUS MONOGATARI I've b...
 Simply put this movies is without any substanc...
 Hard to get in-depth with this kind of stuff s...
 For those who are too young to know this or fo...
 Northanger Abbey is not my favorite Jane Auste...
 "Anchors Aweigh" is the product of the classic...
 What made the French Connection work so well w...
 What Irving Thalberg did in making this film t...
 I rated this a 3. The dubbing was as bad as I ...
 Kurt Thomas stars as Jonathan Cabot some kind ...
 I know that so many reviews on IMDb are extrem...
 When you read the summary of this film, you mi...
 This version of ALICE IN WONDERLAND is truly o...
 I opted to see the film at the recent Dubai Fi...
 This movie has great style, fantastic visuals ...
 After watching the movie a few times, I found ...
 I have really enjoyed several movies by Gérard...
 I watched this short moments ago on the Sundan...
 You do realize that you've been watching the E...
 ***Possible spoilers***<br /><br />I recently ...
 If I could give this movie less than a 1, I wo...
 I have seen all the films directed by Robert R...
 This film enhanced my opinion of Errol Flynn. ...
 This is my favourite kung fu movie. It has a v...
 I'm certainly glad that a film was made about ...
 This weekend just passed I watched "28 Weeks L...
 Like so many other reviewers on here, my memor...
 Reporter Kimberly Wells presents the minor sid...
 ATTENTION, SPOILER!<br /><br />Many people tol...
 Incredibly, "Vampire Assassin" is significantl...
 After Watergate, Vietnam and the dark days of ...
 Billy Wilder created a somewhat conventional b...
 I watched this film with a group of friends at...
 The memory of the "The Last Hunt" has stuck wi...
 It's a shame Barry Humphries infamous Sir Les ...
 I remember watching this film as a kid and I w...
 I believe there are two angles to the story, f...
 This movie totally sucked!!! Don't even rent i...
 I'm writing this 9 years after the final episo...
 This movie is so over-the-top as to be a borde...
 Oh dear lord. This movie... It was horrible. I...
 Almost every plot detail in this movie is illo...
 The lines in the title of this review are the ...
 Given this film's incredible reviews I was exp...
 This is the kind of movie that people of a cer...
 I was expecting "Born to Kill" to be an exciti...
 What Is It? is a mish-mash of bizarre recurrin...
 Married To The Mob was one of the first VHS ta...
 This show had a promising start as sort of the...
 Here's a well-made war story, nicely shot and ...
 My wife is a teacher and she is very familiar ...
 I tried to be patient and open-minded but foun...
 Marigold is by far the best "outsider's" take ...
 I went to go see this at the Esquire Theatre i...
 it's a beautiful film.the scenes are well pict...
 This was okay, but really a bit disappointing ...
 This is by far the most incredible movie I hav...
 I believe, that this is a heart tugging film. ...
 I have to agree with the other two comments. I...
 Don't get me wrong, I assumed this movie would...
 Ever since 1981, Nintendo has been making grea...
 This almost unknown gem was based on a French ...
 I had to register for IMDb just to post a comm...
 Frank Tashlin's 'Censored' is a so-so Private ...
 The Straight Story is a multilevel exploration...
 I loved this movie! I'm shocked and disappoint...
 What a HUGE pile of dung. Shot-on-video (REALL...
 Not only was this film exhilarating, but it to...
 While not as wild and way out as some of Takas...
 Well where to start here? Straightheads presen...
 I thought Sliver offered the most boring and t...
 I saw this movie in its own time period, when ...
 I was duped as well. Here I was expecting all ...
 Not being the least bit familiar with the char...
 Peter Lorre was born to play Stephen Danel wit...
 After the success of the second instalment, Ri...
 Viewed this the other night on cable on-demand...
 CyberTracker is set in Los Angeles sometime in...
 I happen to have read all of Junji Ito's Engli...
 I put this movie on not expecting much, other ...
 This is one of the worst films i've ever seen,...
 I saw this on Sci Fi, and in retrospect, I'm n...
 I gave this 3 stars out of a possible 10 - bec...
 Two funeral directors in a Welsh village? Engl...
 I just found the IMDb and searched this film a...
 **SPOILER ALERT** W. Somerset Maugham classic ...
 Why the crap is this movie rated so low?! I've...
 Saw it at the Philadelphia Gay and Lesbian Fil...
 1st watched 12/6/2009 - 4 out of 10 (Dir-Walte...
 What a GREAT British movie, a screaming good l...
 I originally saw this film while I was working...
 What has Rajiv Rai done to himself? Once a hit...
 In these modern times (as subject known quite ...
 This is one of the best Czech movies I have ev...
 Wow. The storyline to this was just incredibly...
 I stumbled on this series rather by accident. ...
 This movie tells the story of nine ambitious t...
 Although this film changes reality to make it ...
 Rififi deservedly gets a lot of mention for th...
 The Polar Express. Director Robert Zemeckis, I...
 We see at the beginning of Little Dieter Needs...
 Tho 35 years old, Groove Tube looks a lot like...
 The 1970's saw a rise and fall of what we have...
 Plenty has been written about Mamet's "The Hou...
 I like Noel Coward, the wit. I like Noel Cowar...
 Love and war did happen on the other side of t...
 To describe this film as garbage is unfair. At...
 Designed only to annoy (or amuse) any self-res...
 After losing the Emmy for her performance as M...
 After reading the reviews, it became obvious t...
 This is possibly the worst fencing, sword-figh...
 I am a big fan of the original book and this a...
 This film is a stunning piece that will convin...
 Noting the cast, I recently watched this movie...
 Well there's a few things about this movie. Ev...
 ...means "take up and read", which is precisel...
 It's too bad iameracing wants to deny the real...
 I have a nice collection on movies going, and ...
 A cheesy "B" crime thriller of the early '50, ...
 Excellent episode, showed Dean has not only go...
 The whole Biker Movie genre has to be made up ...
 The film opens in a stuffy British men's club ...
 The potential movie extravaganza, set during t...
 Well, I am SO glad I watched this on HBO inste...
 Doug McClure has starred in a few of these Bri...
 THE KING MAKER will doubtless be a success in ...
 I first saw "Breaking Glass" when it was relea...
 I watched 'Envy' two nights ago, on DVD, at a ...
 One question: Why? First off, the premise is n...
 Jack Frost returns with an army of Styrofoam b...
 I'd be hard pressed to say what is it that mak...
 Preston Waters, a 11 years old boy,has problem...
 This is not horror, as the first part was: Thi...
 Like 'Singin' in the Rain', 'Cover Girl' has a...
 I love this movie. I watched it over and over ...
 This was a really nice surprise. I was up late...
 I felt that this movie had a lot of heart and ...
 One of the things about the film that warmed m...
 This is one of the oddest films of the Zatôich...
 Unlike others, I refuse to call this pitiful e...
 This show probably won't appeal to everyone. S...
 Is this the same Kim Ki Duk who directed the p...
 Ben Thomas (Smith) plays an IRS Agent who prac...
 This film has not exactly remained fresh in th...
 Up to this point, Gentle Rain was the movie I ...
 I really don't understand all these positive u...
 This 3 hour epic (seems much shorter) explores...
 I was very concerned about this film, it was s...
 I am a fan of the paranormal and I love Ghost ...
 I remember when they made a big deal about thi...
 David Lynch's crude and crudely drawn take on ...
 This is the story of two guys who found a copy...
 It doesn't take long to see why Code Name: Dia...
 I am a huge John Denver fan. I have a large co...
 I first saw this movie when I was very little....
 A slow, tedious, and one dimensional movie! Go...
 Divorced single mom in picturesque seaside tow...
 Reanhauer (Bill Roy) is the leader of a desert...
 Okay. This has been a favourite since I was 14...
 Well, if you are open-minded enough to have li...
 Despite its interesting premise, 'Sniper' is q...
 Most 70s (and 80s) Kong Kong martial arts film...
 Oh dear! What can I say about Half Past Dead? ...
 If there is such a thing as beautiful horror, ...
 why oh why did i ever waste my time watching t...
 What an entertaining movie. Astaire and Randol...
 And I am a Nicole Kidman fanatic. I would pay ...
 Scary Movie 3 is such a stinkfest its hard to ...
 Here's a decidedly average Italian post apocal...
 As a lesbian, I am sick and tired of being por...
 Dragon Ma (Jackie Chan)is back, having rid the...
 Dark Harvest 3: Scarecrow: 1 out of 10: In Ein...
 It is playing on SHOWTIME right now but is goi...
 Although "They Died with their Boots On" is no...
 The story-line of "The Thief of Bagdad" is com...
 I remember seeing this film when i was about 1...
 I just saw this movie the other day when I ren...
 Set in and near a poor working class town in t...
 I saw this DVD in my friends house and thought...
 After all these years, I am puzzled as to why ...
 Dear Movie Director:<br /><br />In the future,...
 "A young man, recently engaged to be married, ...
 I saw this mini-movie when it first aired, and...
 A doctor who is trying to complete the medical...
 Wow I loved this movie! It is about normal lif...
 LAGE RAHO MUNNABHAI is really a disappointing ...
 Repugnant Bronson thriller. Unfortunately, it'...
 I've always enjoyed Kenneth Branagh's versions...
 This is one of those movies I watched, and won...
 This is one of the most irritating, nonsensica...
 I happened to see this movie twice or more and...
 Originally aired as an ABC Movie of the Week. ...
 K-PAX is exactly what a heart warming film sho...
 Pretentious storytelling such as this always u...
 First of all, I just wanna say that I'm a very...
 In a way this is the disaster Fellini has been...
 I'm relieved the later reviews have turned sou...
 A family with dad Louis (Dale Midkiff), mom Ra...
 Blonde and Blonder has Pamela Anderson and Den...
 Congratulations to Christina Ricci for making ...
 This is probably Wayne's poorest movie; at lea...
 I'm surprised that the comparison hasn't been ...
 This film was a critical and box-office fiasco...
 A fine performance by Vittorio Mezzogiorno and...
 Although she is little known today, Deanna Dur...
 It seems to be a common thing in the 90's to p...
 Having been forced by my children to watch thi...
 ...Or, more precisely, so bad that you are goi...
 Well, it is standard Hollywood schmaltz that y...
 First I must confess that A Separate Peace is ...
 This will be best known for the Ferrari that w...
 Unfortunately for Sarah Silverman this show do...
 This remake of the 1962 orginal film'o the boo...
 Anyone who's watched a few Lifetime Movie Netw...
 I was suckered in by the big names. Rob Lowe, ...
 Giving credit where it's due, only the technic...
 The stranger Jack (Matthew Lillard) arrives in...
 Enterprise, the latest high budget spin-off to...
 This is an entertaining surreal road movie. It...
 This is a neat little crime drama which packs ...
 With all of the films of recent,dealing with t...
 This movie fails to offer anything new to a ge...
 This movie has Richard Pryor, Rosey Grier and ...
 A year after the release of the average "House...
 I thought this movie was horrible. I was bored...
 I have seen most of the Tarzan episodes. Certa...
 Bad Movie! Bad! Go stand in a discount bin. Ca...
 I think my summary sums it up. I found it inan...
 Broken Silence or "Race Against Fear"1998): St...
 I believe it has been over 40 years since I sa...
 (My Synopsis) Rae (Christina Ricci) was a high...
 I never thought I see a movie worse than "Lisa...
 Man, this is a hard DVD to come by. I could on...
 Scarier than any horror movie ever made becaus...
 Yet another insult and slap in the face to gay...
 The costumes are outrageous and the Australian...
 If you have not heard of this film, it follows...
 I have heard that Novo was compared to Memento...
 The Fanglys is set in a small Texan town calle...
 This film fails on many many levels. The scrip...
 Where do I start. Do I say how great the cinem...
 Tim Krabbe is the praised author of 'Het Goude...
 Watch out! This is not a gross out comedy like...
 I hope, from his seat on Heaven's comedic thro...
 This movie has got to go down in the history o...
 You may say to yourself, "Don Johnson as Elvis...
 This film was so bad it became enjoyable. If y...
 I am always impressed when a director (and thi...
 This movie probably had some potential for som...
 This movie has to be seen for the music, which...
 Another great musical from Hollywoods Golden A...
 Wrestlemania 14 is not often looked as one of ...
 It's difficult to decide who or what is the ta...
 This film is terribly bad. Kevin Spacey is a r...
 Time has not been kind to this film from the t...
 The Best of Times is one of the great sleepers...
 This movie was awesome...it made me laugh, it ...
 The narrative was clear and concise but overal...
 Coming at the end of the cycle of the Universa...
 Yesterday, I went to the monthly Antique Flea ...
 I thought I might be disappointed viewing this...
 Dull one-note characters with next to no devel...
 I watched this film because I noticed that it ...
 This is one of Cassavetes' best performances. ...
 I am normally a Spike Lee fan. It takes some t...
 We are not in the fairy tale of the naked empe...
 A bunch of kids set up a theatre to have an al...
 Just had to write that one liner, but it reall...
 I hand't seen the restored, or any version for...
 Meant to be some sort of a social commentary a...
 I read the book a long time back and don't spe...
 I've watched a number of Wixel Pixel and Sub R...
 I learned a thing: you have to take this film ...
 My wife received tickets for our family to att...
 This abomination and the sequel ONE MORE TIME ...
 What has Ireland ever done to film distributer...
 This often maligned movie is a must for fans o...
 I had to write a review for this movie based o...
 This must me one of the worst takes on vampire...
 I saw the movie in Izmir as the closing film o...
 As a Scot I find the idea of "Macbeth" shifted...
 Whoever says pokemon is stupid can die. This m...
 Unfortunately producers don't know when to lea...
 When you are in a gloomy or depressed mood, go...
 This film was a Mexican made horror film from ...
 I don't want to bore everyone by reiterating w...
 This film is absolute gold. If you haven't see...
 I don't know if it's fair for me to review thi...
 This is one of those films where it is easy to...
 A look at three geishas who are way past their...
 Lynne Ramsey makes arresting images, and Saman...
 Seriously, I couldn't find anything that const...
 how can this movie have a 5.5 this movie was a...
 One of the most appealing elements of a Gillia...
 The same difficulty I have with the musical ve...
 Very well done acting and directing. This is a...
 The villian in this movie is one mean sob and ...
 This movie is an obvious rip-off of Underworld...
 In THE FAN Robert De Niro plays Gil Renard . O...
 This is an interesting left turn for Reel 13 I...
 So, it has come to this. In the top-rated comm...
 This BBC series is excellent. I am no Paleonto...
 I think that this film is one of the funniest ...
 I enjoy all the versions of this story but thi...
 I was very excited when Paranormal State first...
 It is incredible!! ..yes, someone before me wr...
 Dull, predictable and uninteresting story of a...
 I work at the video store that rents this vide...
 A terrible movie as everyone has said. What ma...
 The danish movie "Slim Slam Slum" surprised me...
 This film is not devoid of charm and also show...
 Imagine watching a slide show where the projec...
 It took us a couple of episodes to "get into" ...
 Zipperface is the kind of experience one waits...
 I was looking forward to this movie. I like ro...
 Mario is invited to Princess Peach's castle fo...
 That is what this movie is. Good God the speci...
 OK, so this is a complete rip off of the first...
 I still can't describe what to feel when I rec...
 Let's face it-- if you rented a STDVD sequel o...
 Imagine an exploitive remake of The Defiant On...
 Before Stan Laurel became the smaller half of ...
 I scooped up this title by accident with the G...
 **** = A masterpiece to be recorded in the boo...
 To call a film about a crippled ghost taking r...
 Another direct to video movie from Disney, tha...
 What can I say? The little kid inside has alwa...
 This was an excellent 2-part episode, although...
 I thought this movie was going to be good. It ...
 This is a pretty good thriller at a nuclear po...
 In the film, Lumumba, we see the faces behind ...
 I saw this when it premiered and just re-watch...
 Overall, this is entertaining and odd film. Do...
 This is one of the most boring films I've ever...
 How has this piece of crap stayed on TV this l...
 I've seen all 3 now. I just can't believe how ...
 A very gritty, gutsy portrayal of a part of wo...
 I was not expecting much from this movie. I wa...
 BONJOUR, MONSIEUR SHLOMI is simply a wonderful...
 If you need a clue as to whether Playmaker is ...
 Putting the UFO "thing" aside. This was the be...
 OK maybe a 13 year old like me was a little to...
 Let me get this straight:<br /><br />"Hotshot ...
 The Lone Ranger was one of my childhood heroes...
 The DVD for "Danaza Macabra" (Castle of Blood)...
 this could be one of the worse movies i've eve...
 My God, Ryan Gosling has made a lot of deep ch...
 This was just an awful movie. I've watched it ...
 I bought this DVD for $1 at Walmart. After see...
 It's just breathtaking in it's awfulness-- you...
 This movie is not a remake of She's all That (...
 when this show first came to Disney, i love it...
 Worst movie of all time? Wow, whoa now. You ca...
 This film is truly a sorry excuse for film mak...
 Human pot roast Joe Don Baker (MITCHELL) stars...
 I would recommend this as the most successful ...
 I'm a huge fan of Ivan Reitman-I loved Evoluti...
 As a kid, I loved computer animation although ...
 While Watching this movie you notice right awa...
 THE MERCHANT OF FOUR SEASONS was Rainer Werner...
 I bought this DVD without any previous referen...
 Garden State must rate amongst the most contri...
 this is a great movie for all Corey Feldman fa...
 Leslie Nielsen is usually someone whose movies...
 Did Beavis and Butthead make this movie? It is...
 This Movie had some great actors in it! Unfort...
 Perhaps one of the best movies ever made. Orry...
 This was one of the biggest pieces of crap I h...
 Based on the novel by Michael Chabon, The Myst...
 Alone in the Dark is Uwe Boll's kick in the nu...
 Now, I like the Bollywood films and I'm very g...
 /*may contain SPOILERS, but of course it does ...
 The discussion has been held a thousand times....
 The world is facing imminent destruction and a...
 This movie is about a group of women (perhaps ...
 This is the kind of movie England can do in it...
 Anyone who has ever doubted Ingrid Bergman's a...
 The movie started off strong, LL Cool J (Deed)...
 This is the best mob film ever made. It deserv...
 Moonwalker by Michael Jackson is a real advent...
 Home Room really surprised me. In comparison t...
 This film features two of my favorite guilty p...
 It really amazed me to see that someone would ...
 I saw this movie yesterday night and it was on...
 A documentary filmmaker explores seemingly unr...
 i, too, loved this series when i was a kid. In...
 Casting aside many of the favorable comments t...
 This for me was a wonderful introduction to th...
 This movie was pretty bad. Sci-fi is usually m...
 $25,000 Pyramid Clues: Deep Blue Sea. Tremors....
 Ronald Colman plays a famous Broadway actor wh...
 I agree strongly with some of the other critic...
 Maybe if you've never read any English literat...
 Closet Land. The title itself conjures up thou...
 Sometimes, you're up late at night flipping th...
 i don't believe it sixty percent of voters vot...
 updated January 1st, 2006<br /><br />Parsifal ...
 NOTHING (3+ outta 5 stars) Another weird premi...
 The film "52 Pick Up" simply does not work. Se...
 I must admit that this is one of the few Lou C...
 Woody Allen has lost his ability to write dial...
 'The Cell' is a journey into the mind of a ser...
 The Thing has to be one of the all time great ...
 This is one of the few comedies I can watch ag...
 Good films cannot solely be based on a beautif...
 This time the hero from the first film has bec...
 This isn't the best Bigfoot ever made, but by ...
 I grew up with scooby(kinda the re-runs of whe...
 I have not figured out what the chosen title h...
 I have read each and every one of Baroness Orc...
 Hey if you have a little over an hour to kill ...
 When I first saw the Romeo Division last sprin...
 OK... this movie so far has been slated by cri...
 One of the worst movies I've seen this year. E...
 Neal N Nikki is voted on of the Worst films of...
 This movie was not made by Who fans. Most of t...
 I saw this movie awhile back and can't seem to...
 Well, this movie wasn't as horrible as I thoug...
 This movie was such a waste of my money. it wa...
 Wow, here it finally is; the action "movie" wi...
 I saw this in theaters and absolutely adored i...
 This movie looked like it was rushed to releas...
 The plot outline of this movie is similar to t...
 This work is less about Steve Martin's charact...
 In this film, we're invited to observe the des...
 If I could say it was better than Gymkata, I a...
 I unknowingly had this movie on my shelf for a...
 Why a film maker with a track record like Wes ...
 COULD CONTAIN SPOILERS.....I'm surprised by th...
 If you have few expectations, then this will e...
 And I am afraid that I cannot imagine why. It ...
 This is the first of these "8 Films To Die For...
 ****SPOILER ALERT**** All throughout Australia...
 There should be a rule that states quite clear...
 I loved this movie from beginning to end.I am ...
 This movie is one of my all time favorites. Ca...
 This in my opinion is one of the best action m...
 When we talk Hollywood Hotel we could be talki...
 Dear SciFi Channel: How have you been? How was...
 The story at the outset is interesting: slaver...
 I'm sure some people will enjoy it, and find i...
 OK. Well, I guess it was worth my time sitting...
 As much as I hated the movie that this series ...
 What is about mathematical geniuses that get t...
 The Sopranos is perhaps the most mind-opening ...
 Without Peter Ustinov and Maggie Smith, this c...
 watch a team of bomb disposal experts in Iraq ...
 It is not often I watch a film that is as drea...
 I'm not sure under what circumstances director...
 If you like "Othello," you'll love this flick ...
 This film turned up on local TV here in South ...
 I really wanted to like this movie. A film wit...
 On June 22nd, 1941, the city of Przemysl, Pola...
 me and my sister use to rent this every time w...
 Seriously, Why do American and Frech actors pr...
 Fata Morgana, the 1971 documentary-like film b...
 (some spoilers) - as if you wouldn't know how ...
 For once a story of hope highlighted over the ...
 Although I have to admit I laughed more watchi...
 Within 15 minutes, my whole family was rooting...
 At my local video rental store, they have a sp...
 This one hardly compares to the space adventur...
 I had always been a big Lynda Carter-Wonder Wo...
 Complete waste of time.... This movie is not c...
 I saw this movie yesterday and can't stop thin...
 It's here. finally a movie comes out that I ca...
 This interesting feature has a very fine story...
 I wish I could give this movie a zero, or even...
 Knute Rockne led an extraordinary life and his...
 Doghi is a wonderful movie and Renuka Daftarda...
 i really did not watch this show as often when...
 WOW is all i can say if your reading this is e...
 I wonder who was responsible for this mess. Th...
 I go to the cinema to be entertained. There is...
 There have been far too few mainstream films s...
 It is always sad when "fringe" movies such as ...
 Imagine you're a high-school boy, in the back ...
 Before I begin, let me tell you how GREAT this...
 Normally I try to avoid Sci-Fi movies as much ...
 I first saw this one afternoon in the 80's on ...
 By 1971 it was becoming more and more obvious ...
 For the first couple of seasons, I thought The...
 I saw this movie on TV late one night years ag...
 Distasteful British film from a Japanese novel...
 Mas Oyama was the most successful karate maste...
 If you thought Herbie trying to kill himself b...
 I run a group to stop comedian exploitation an...
 Every once in a while the conversation will tu...
 This movie had so much potential to be hilario...
 This is an hybrid creature born at Carl Macek ...
 I don't watch much porn, but I love porn stars...
 This thing was bad. Really bad. I mean, low bu...
 Right... so you have a dam, tons of water (tha...
 I still find it hard to believe that a fine - ...
 It was poorly shot. Looks Like a rush job, las...
 OK, this movie wasn't good at all. Video games...
 Antonioni was aiming for another hip masterpie...
 I seriously enjoyed watching this movie for th...
 This movie is truly a classic 80s movie! A mus...
 What looks like a ho-hum Porky's rip-off turns...
 (aka: TRINITY IS STILL MY NAME) This sequel lo...
 So often with Stephen King adaptations, you ju...
 Sideshow is a good example of a basically inte...
 Love it, love it, love it! This is another abs...
 oh well... its funny. should have been a sadis...
 This was shown as part of the 59th Edinburgh I...
 Well, magic works in mysterious ways. This mov...
 If you thought Day after tomorrow was implausi...
 At the least some of the sitcoms that churn en...
 When I first heard about the title, I thought ...
 I didn't like this movie for so many reasons I...
 Like almost everyone else, I became aware of t...
 To start out with, the script is immitative an...
 This movie is a joke. I mean a "ha ha" funny j...
 Gena Rowlands plays an actress who loses her g...
 How does a Scotsman in a kilt make love in the...
 Captain Corelli's Mandolin is a beautiful film...
 "Haaaarrrryyy!" <br /><br />The amplified, dis...
 A magical journey concocted by Alexander Korda...
 God this film was just so boring apart from th...
 Well the story is a little hard to follow the ...
 This is the best movie I've come across in a l...
 This is one of my favorites along with the Mar...
 Two movies back to back which dealt with India...
 There are many reasons to watch this movie: to...
 THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI is proof that the great...
 I really looked forward to seeing Nana after s...
 Semana Santa is jaw-droppingly bad. It's so wr...
 Working-class romantic drama from director Mar...
 For me, this movie just seemed to fall on its ...
 This film gave me probably the most pleasant s...
 I watch this movie at the start of every summe...
 It's hard to imagine that anyone could find th...
 If you want mindless action, hot chicks and a ...
 Even though Ian Kershaw distanced himself from...
 The Reader is an exceptionally well done and v...
 This is a dramatic film in the whole sense of ...
 There is nothing in this that the viewer could...
 But certainly a serious contender for one of t...
 Marvelous film again dealing with the trials a...
 I just saw this at the 2006 Vancouver internat...
 A clever script from the late SEBASTIAN JAPRIS...
 While it's generally acknowledged one of the f...
 Not a bad film. Somehow I was made to actually...
 This movie had some andrenaline kickers, but i...
 The only redeeming quality of this movie is th...
 Before watching this film I had very low expec...
 In order to hold the public's attention for th...
 Hi all I am a chess enthusiast since the age o...
 The movie gets a score of 3 because it dared t...
 I laughed my ass off for an hour. I had no ide...
 Very lovely love story between Brenda Blethyn ...
 Just emailed a friend who's in film school abo...
 I'm surprised with the amount of negative revi...
 Imagine pulling back the mask of a lethal assa...
 We rented five movies for New Year's Eve weeke...
 The core message is strong, the cast has given...
 Snap, crackle, pop! The jarring sound of every...
 First, a word of caution. The DVD box describe...
 This short was the first short released by Par...
 There were times during the movie I wish I had...
 It is a damn good movie,with some surprising t...
 If this is not my favorite movie of all time, ...
 A lot of people are saying that Al Pacino over...
 Developing movies that are based on actual eve...
 SPOILERS (ALTHOUGH NONE THAT AREN'T REVEALED I...
 The first word which comes into my mind after ...
 Apparently, a massive head wound is the cure f...
 "Most of us at least inhabit two worlds , the ...
 Oh dear. good cast, but to write and direct is...
 After all, you do not go to an Orson Welles mo...
 This film predates the Australian films Road W...
 There is not a single sympathetic character in...
 The opening shot of the Consequences of Love p...
 This is the latest entry in the long series of...
 1957's Edge of the City, directed by Martin Ri...
 Ahhhh, 1984.... I was young and stupid, and ju...
 imagine "24" completely uncensored, given free...
 Penn takes the time to develop his characters,...
 I walked into a book store in Brentwood, Tenne...
 The ending of this movie made absolutely NO SE...
 I wish I could tell you that this film is as e...
 There are some really terrific ideas in this v...
 "Perhaps we can arrange a meet. " "Where are y...
 This may not be the most exiting or incredible...
 I am a Shakespeare lover since childhood. I am...
 This movie was so bad I couldn't sit through i...
 this is an excellent movie i have been watchin...
 It would be so easy to dismiss an alien abduct...
 Tea Leoni plays Nora Wilde, a serious photogra...
 I just watched "return from lonesome dove" and...
 I'm a great admirer of Lon Chaney, but the scr...
 "They Are Among Us" is poor science fiction at...
 First of all, this is an art film and a good o...
 In The Line of Fire gives us a great game of c...
 Who's the man~~~ what's that I hear? A resound...
 Every year I watch hundreds of films, includin...
 Standard "Disease outbreak in remote area; exp...
 WARNING **SPOILERS**<br /><br />Lord knows I h...
 dear god where do i begin. this is bar none th...
 I saw this movie with my girlfriends and we al...
 It is always great to see a movie that teaches...
 STRANGER THAN FICTION angered me so much, I si...
 Never see this movie.<br /><br />It tries to b...
 Watching this was like getting a large mackere...
 So, Todd Sheets once stated that he considers ...
 Black Day Blue Night was actually good modern ...
 Although inevitably linked to the 70's decade,...
 This is a terrible movie, don't waste your mon...
 A sharp political comment posturing as a comin...
 The saddest part of this is the fact that thes...
 I absolutely hate this programme, what kind of...
 I was lucky enough to win free passes to the s...
 This movie was awful! Ashley Rose Orr, while a...
 what a waste of a film once again the film ind...
 I stole this movie when I was a freshmen in co...
 I absolutely loved this movie! It's my number ...
 This film takes place in the 1950s. According ...
 Considering that I felt like picking up a new ...
 I think I should start this in saying that nea...
 Its not the cast. A finer group of actors, you...
 I went in to this movie thinking it was going ...
 Sitting in a big wing chair with a huge book i...
 I work at a Blockbuster store and every week w...
 Why? Because for one reason, there has never b...
 I just want to make one thing clear- I love Mi...
 Based on Ray Russell's dark bestseller, this J...
 I feel at a loss, so brilliant is this film. K...
 Having read the reviews for this film, I under...
 I watched both Bourne Identity and Bourne Supr...
 Title: Zombie 3 (1988) <br /><br />Directors: ...
 Prison is set in Wyoming where work on a new p...
 First I bough this movie on VHS than I just ha...
 I read one other review that expressed the vie...
 Justine cannot find the perfect mate to make h...
 In our household, we are enormous fans of A Ch...
 Disney? What happened? I really wish the movie...
 A friend told me of John Fante last summer aft...
 In Frank Sinatra's first three films, he was p...
 I saw this movie in September with my mother. ...
 The funniest thing about Fortunes is that one ...
 This movie seems to send the wrong message. Th...
 This is first of all a good, exciting story, w...
 I'll tell you a tale of the summer of 1994. A ...
 Just seen Which Way to the Front? on TCM (UK) ...
 This Movie is complete crap! Avoid this waste ...
 Zentropa is the most original movie I've seen ...
 I watched this basically for the sole reason t...
 Off the blocks let me just say that I am a hug...
 When the Italians and Miles O'keeffe work toge...
 This adaption contains two parts: <br /><br />...
 As other reviewers have noted the film dies in...
 I should admit first I am a huge fan of The Da...
 Irwin Allen, past master of cinematic schlock,...
 This is so embarrassing. It's a REMAKE of The ...
 First of three Aztec Mummies film is the only ...
 I think this still is the best routine. There ...
 Many animation buffs consider Wladyslaw Starew...
 OK this movie was by far worse then the first ...
 I feel like I've been had, the con is on, don'...
 Tatie Danielle is all about a ghastly old hag ...
 ... or maybe it just IS this bad. The plot is ...
 Again, it seems totally illogical, to me at le...
 Mel Brooks is a great writer,director and acto...
 "Crossfire" feels like an underdeveloped maste...
 This was alright. It was one of those We Gotch...
 First of all this movie is not a comedy; unles...
 Just saw the World Preem of Fido at the Toront...
 Zentropa has much in common with The Third Man...
 WARNING:I advise anyone who has not seen the f...
 Ego. Seems it's the only reason this movie was...
 This is meant to be a comedy but mainly bad ta...
 Typically, "kids" films have some annoying qua...
 Bullets may not have bounced off his chest, bu...
 This movie wasted 2 hours of my time and just ...
 A gentle story, hinting at fury, with a redemp...
 The title of worse film of all time is one tha...
 after seeing this film for the 3rd time now i ...
 I remember thinking that due to the cast, the ...
 The proverb "Never judge a book by it's cover"...
 I saw this movie a few years back on the BBC i...
 Cradle of Fear<br /><br />This isn't a movie w...
 This movie looked as if it might be good at th...
 The movie is truly poignant, unique and uplift...
 Well, as Goethe once said, there really isn't ...
 I'm a big fan of the true crime genre, but I c...
 Did anyone else notice whenever they are in th...
 Way back in 1996, One of the airliner pilots w...
 Tromeo and Juliet (1996) is another jewel in t...
 This is the weepy that Beaches never was. As m...
 Geoffrey Wright, the director of "Romper Stomp...
 **SPOILERS**This was an ugly movie, and I'm so...
 Another movie that relies upon the trite, worn...
 Drum scene is wild! Cook, Jr. is unsung hero o...
 I agree with most of the critics above. More y...
 Ben Stiller doesn't so much act as react. And ...
 In one of her first movies, Romy Schneider shi...
 Despite its low-key release in this country, a...
 Hmmm, not a patch on the original from Shaw Br...
 I have three comments to make about this film,...
 A rare exception to the rule that great litera...
 The only good thing that this movie created wa...
 I hate a movie that doesn't have an ending. I ...
 The only thing about this film that bums me ou...
 I personally found the film to be great. I had...
 if you watch this at home on DVD or Bluray! be...
 A really cool flick. A must for any music snob...
 I only watched this because I saw a couple of ...
 No, this is nothing about that fairy tale with...
 This is a great TV movie with a good story and...
 I give this movie a 3 as it is worse than the ...
 With the exception of FAMILY, this new season ...
 This movie was such a blast! It has that feel-...
 Dire. Just dire. The script is contrived, the ...
 If you like movies about creepy towns, hotels,...
 This proved to be a rare case of a poliziottes...
 Shameless waste of my time as a viewer. This i...
 This has got to be the most god-awful piece of...
 This film has a lot of strong points. It has o...
 How hard is it to write a watchable film with ...
 The problems with Nikhil Advani's Salaam-e-Ish...
 I'm thinking of some things for this movie: Fi...
 Cheers to all the wonderful fans of this film ...
 I really like this film... when I started to w...
 I found this film to be one of those great hea...
 I don't see the sense in going through so much...
 This is one of the most boring horror films I ...
 I am almost tempted to demand my money back fr...
 Between the ages of 30 and 51, when he died of...
 Broad enough for you? Wait till you see this h...
 Steve Carrel Proves himself to be a great lead...
 I admit, the first time I watched Even Cowgirl...
 This movie is a very poor attempt to make mone...
 while being one of the "stars" of this film do...
 This movie is an incredible piece of work. It ...
 I thought this movie'd be totally different th...
 I am a fan of Jess Franco's bizarre style, and...
 **** Possible Spoiler **** <br /><br />If you ...
 Like many other people, I've heard about "more...
 I did not like the idea of the female turtle a...
 after seeing this excellent film over 100 time...
 This film is an excellent example of what an i...
 If you think it's beautiful to be obsessive ab...
 I just came back from the Montreal premiere of...
 After having spent a lot of my youth watching ...
 I can't believe the positive reviews of this m...
 My friend & I rented this movie and within the...
 Let me start out by saying i will try not to p...
 I was hardly aware of the time in history depi...
 This show will succeed because it appeals to a...
 Everyone does things that they later regret. T...
 Film makeovers of old TV shows seems to be the...
 As much as I like Japanese movies this one did...
 Well, I had seen "They all laughed" when it ca...
 I saw this movie as a child and it broke my he...
 Jean Rollin artistic nonsense about vampires, ...
 I love occult Horror, and the great British Ha...
 By-the-numbers, Oscar-hungry biopic about the ...
 Why is this movie not in the 250 best? This mo...
 I had a bad feeling ten seconds into the film ...
 While not the first movie I've purchased for m...
 My comment is limited generally to the first s...
 I don't believe this was an acting challenge f...
 This guy is a real piece of work. An angry, im...
 A great gangster flick, with brilliant perform...
 Working with one of the best Shakespeare sourc...
 I consider myself a fan of Jess Franco and his...
 Everything in this film is bad , the story , t...
 that Welles said was that he's been in decline...
 I found it almost impossible to empathize with...
 I watched this cooking show for a few times be...
 Nazarin is some kind of saint,he wants to live...
 Pink Flamingos is a movie no word can explain....
 ... but you probably have seen it or else you ...
 Laughed a lot - because it is so incredibly ba...
 "Smithereens" is the kind of worthless flick w...
 I love love love this show. Whether you say it...
 I grew up watching Scooby and have been a fan ...
 Surprisingly well made little movie. Short in ...
 Besides the fact that this guy is a liar, he i...
 Have you ever had a cool image in your mind th...
 At first I didn't like the movie cause of it b...
 I have not seen and heard the original version...
 Yesterday I saw the movie Flyboys and my girlf...
 This movie could be likened to "comfort food" ...
 Lillian Hellman's play, adapted by Dashiell Ha...
 Wow! the French are really getting the hang of...
 I caught this at a screening at the Sundance F...
 I think that people are under estimating this ...
 ABC has done more for this show by allowing te...
 Personally, I regard "The Egyptian" in an extr...
 I saw this movie last month at a free sneak pr...
 An absolute steaming pile of cow dung. It's mi...
 While this movie won't go down in the annals o...
 Disney, the film name that once stood for all ...
 I'll say one thing for Herman, USA: it will pr...
 When I went to the cinema, I expected not much...
 Barman directed Any Way the Wind Blows as he w...
 Now either you like Mr Carrey's humour or you ...
 "Father is still away on business" was headlin...
 If you've read the original novel, as I did, y...
 Agreed this movie is well shot,but it just mak...
 This film is about the life of Queen Victoria ...
 *** Spoiler in fifth paragraph *** This was an...
 The movie begins with much voice-over, a bad s...
 "Creepshow 2" is little more than a pale imita...
 Much in the same way Frank Miller and his Sin ...
 I was looking for a cute, simple comedy to pas...
 Just got back from the European Premiere of Th...
 "Children of wax" also shown as "Killing groun...
 This is just a joke of a movie,they lost me al...
 This great film is composed mostly of document...
 This timeless proverb reverberates in this mov...
 Fans of Gerry Anderson's productions will reco...
 Anatomie isn't very unique in horror genre, in...
 This was my very first "Bollywood" movie and I...
 Young spinster, who doesn't associate with wom...
 When i finally had the opportunity to watch Zo...
 When DEATHTRAP was first released, the poster-...
 I watched this movie on HBO and I had a good t...
 The Hookers was to me a great everyday people ...
 The positive reviews on this page are planted ...
 i saw this with my with my kids they love it b...
 ORCA is not exactly bad, but it's not really R...
 I first saw this film about 11 years ago when ...
 I felt duty bound to watch the 1983 Timothy Da...
 History teacher Mrs Tingle seems to have it in...
 Being a genre film fan, a child of the 80's AN...
 'Metamoprhis' is the story of a dashing young ...
 All my friends and various other coworkers thi...
 This intensely involving 2007 character-driven...
 It seems evident from this adaptation that he ...
 Words cannot express how poor this film is.<br...
 ...Ever. This is the bottom. I am not joking. ...
 My roommate had bought this documentary and in...
 One: Richard Pryor and Jackie Gleason, two gre...
 I don't even like watching those late night ta...
 now don't get me wrong, i do enjoy christmas m...
 A gruelling watch, but one of Bergman's finest...
 Lady in Cement - PI spoof with ole Blue Eyes.F...
 This is the type of movie where it actually hu...
 Any screen adaptation of a John Grisham story ...
 Bellocchio refers to this as a mainly politica...
 This quirky and watchable film is the story of...
 A friend and I went to see this movie. We have...
 Lost holds something interesting for everyone....
 The relationship between the main characters I...
 My friends and I were just discussing how frus...
 So I guess that Bud and Lou just liked to mess...
 Really bad movie, the story is too simple and ...
 This would have to rate as one of the worst fi...
 This for one has nothing to do with the absolu...
 John (Ben Chaplin) is a lonely bank clerk who ...
 Shakespeare said that we are actors put into a...
 I just discovered this film and love it. Just ...
 Second movie in the boxset. Originally titled ...
 THE GREATEST GAME EVER PLAYED (TGGEP, 2005) is...
 The Emperor's (Richard Haydn) dog is betrothed...
 I'm not saying that just as a Chris Rock fan, ...
 This film was just on two nights running on IT...
 I have grown up reading Modesty Blaise, both t...
 Street Fight is a brilliant piece of brutal sa...
 What does the " Executive producer " do in a m...
 What is this crap? My little cousin picked thi...
 Memoirs of a Geisha is a beautifully filmed mo...
 Terry Gilliam's fantastic, twisted story of a ...
 I enjoyed the movie and the story immensely! I...
 For those viewers who thought the 1979 film "A...
 I will admit, I had the opportunity in the pas...
 A very different Jerry Lewis film, not like al...
 In Joel Schumacher, you have one of the most i...
 The effects of job related stress and the pres...
 Best Cinematography I have ever seenConsideri...
 That's a weird, weird movie and doesn't deserv...
 I'd been following this films progress for qui...
 At the bottom end of the apocalypse movie scal...
 This is a good enough movie and you probably w...
 The sitcom revolved around a girl who must lea...
 Seriously, all these Satan comes to Earth movi...
 Funny that I find myself forced to review this...
 This is a mildly interesting late 80's gore fe...
 I love the Satan Pit!!! David Tennant is such ...
 I have seen the freebird movie and think its g...
 Rent this, I own the DVD, got it for $9.99. A ...
 Michelle Rodriguez is a well-built high-school...
 I had never heard of Silverwing before, then I...
 Jean-Claude Van Damme plays twin brothers Alex...
 There must have been a lot of background info ...
 The beginning of the movie was confusing and t...
 Remember the early days of Pay Per View? I do,...
 God! Where do I begin? From start to finish, I...
 Granted, HOTD 2 is better than the Uwe Boll cr...
 If Mr Cranky had rated this, I'd be tempted ju...
 This must be the dumbest movie I've ever seen ...
 Cashing in on the "demons-meets-clergy" trend ...
 One of my favorite movies I saw at preview in ...
 "The Gig" is a tight, funny and poignant littl...
 Not "confusing" in the sense that, "Gee, this ...
 Due to a very misleading advertising campaign,...
 me, my boyfriend, and our friend watched this ...
 It's funny. I've seen a bunch of Fassbinder fi...
 Okay, I rented this movie because of the direc...
 Life Stinks (1991) was a step below Mel Brooks...
 Answer: despite that fact that this film was w...
 The Rookie kept me smiling from beginning to e...
 First of all, i have nothing against Christian...
 Yowsa! If you REALLY want some ACTION, check o...
 when the gilmore girls started in Germany i di...
 The director tries to be Quentin Tarantino, th...
 I really enjoyed this movie.I was fifteen when...
 As I understand it, after the Chinese took ove...
 One of the worst films I have ever seen. How t...
 I had the pleasure of seeing this short film a...
 I cannot say that Aag is the worst Bollywood f...
 I really liked the idea of traveling between d...
 Oh My God, this is so idiotic. Completely poin...
 This movie makes a promising start and then ge...
 I can imagine what happened for this film to c...
 REIGN OVER ME (2007) *** Adam Sandler, Don Che...
 `Shadow Magic' recaptures the joy and amazemen...
 What a joke. I am watching it on Channel 1 and...
 How do you make a totally unappealing movie ou...
 In my line of work, I occasionally get contact...
 Which do you think the average person would kn...
 John Carpenter's brilliantly suspenseful flick...
 GBS wrote his own screen adaptation of this No...
 This amazing documentary gives us a glimpse in...
 I think Downey was perhaps inspired by French ...
 The plot was predictable, and fighting with gu...
 When you think 'Oliver Stone' the movies that ...
 Though I strongly feel that SITR is the best G...
 I rented Zero Day from the local video store l...
 I thought this movie was pretty good!OK, so ma...
 I won't go into detail about why this movie de...
 I think that just sums up this film. Watch it ...
 Nick Millard aka Nick Phillips should have lef...
 Refreshing `lost' gem! Featuring effective dia...
 I can't believe I'm wasting my time with a com...
 This movie was an all around uninspiring film....
 Dictated by thin experience (of both life and ...
 This must have been one of Chaplin's most ambi...
 Fairly good romantic comedy in which I don't t...
 Dumb is right: Tom and Jerry reach their goal ...
 This is the worst movie I ever paid to see and...
 Diora Baird is absolutely hot as hell in this ...
 This movie reminds me old B movies, but not in...
 "GOOD TIMES," in my opinion, is a must-see CBS...
 Horror/Sci-Fi that is interesting as it is lau...
 someone needed to make a car payment... this i...
 The cover of box of this movie has Kyle Minogu...
 The second half of Steven Soderbergh's revolut...
 This is the last film of a trilogy by the bril...
 There's not really that much wrong with Crash ...
 Looking for a movie for your Turkey Film Festi...
 This movie is not worth a descend review, it j...
 Another movie to suffer without an adventure t...
 If you read Errol Flynn's autobiography, My Wi...
 OK, so I admit that it often seems like most o...
 This is kind of a weird movie, given that Sant...
 Just how exactly do gay Asians manage in a cul...
 I've seen a lot of crap in my day, but goodnes...
 I saw this film at school and absolutely loved...
 He is very good in this role as a disaffected ...
 The plot of GOODNIGHT MR TOM on paper makes it...
 The most positive points in this film were the...
 2 stars for Kay Francis -- she's wonderful! An...
 Liked Stanley & Iris very much. Acting was ver...
 This is not really a zombie film, if we're def...
 Four things intrigued me as to this film - fir...
 QUESTION: How does a film merit two different ...
 Good work by everyone, from scriptwriters, dir...
 I saw this movie by accident yesterday at a ci...
 Young Michael Dudikoff like young Lord Greysto...
 The movie contains a very short scene of Deneu...
 H.O.T.S. is a fun film for a trip back to when...
 As I sat subjected to this televised mediocrit...
 I sense out there a mix of confusion and varyi...
 First: a warning.<br /><br />I recently saw th...
 ....as to the level of wit on which this comed...
 Much of "Over Her Dead Body" is so painfully u...
 This movie is the next segment in the pokemon ...
 This is an absolutely charming film, one of my...
 This was recommended to me by a friend that sa...
 Great party movie, following the adventures of...
 During the opening night of the Vanties a woma...
 Just once I'd like to see a version of Beowulf...
 Anyone find it interesting that the Ood look s...
 Clearly, Andreas Bethmann would like to wear J...
 Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare, the sixth ...
 If you are a fan of either of the two origin f...
 It was life-changing, IT REALLY WAS!!!The Man ...
 I caught this movie right in my eye when I was...
 The ENTIRE MOVIE is flashbacks from the first ...
 The Sentinel features a sort of run of the mil...
 Funny how many of the people who say this is f...
 This movie brilliantly captures the atmosphere...
 The thing that makes this movie so scary is th...
 How offensive! Those who liked this movie have...
 This show is just annoying!!! I feel sorry for...
 I have no words to really describe this series...
 Forget that this is a "B" movie. Forget that i...
 This World War II film, set in Borneo, tries s...
 The violent death of Fernando Ramos Da Silva o...
 A sadly predictable, clichéd story about a wom...
 Tonino Valerii's "Il Prezzo Del Potere" aka. "...
 First i have to say that i don't like since fi...
 I am a kind person, so I gave this movie a 2 i...
 The screen writing is so dumb it pains me to h...
 According to the budget information given on t...
 This is supposed to be Charlie's masterpiece, ...
 This is an outstanding criminal thriller, and ...
 With a title like that, you will be forgiven f...
 Having dabbled in the modeling industry (as a ...
 Well...overall, this movie was pretty much wor...
 If the myth regarding broken mirrors would be ...
 The movie blood and chocolate is NOTHING like ...
 I watched this movie with my boyfriend, an avi...
 This is very much a television version of the ...
 I saw this on the Accent Underground release w...
 Even though I tried to avoid German films rece...
 I agree with everyone who says that this serie...
 Oh, boy, it's another comet-hitting-the-earth ...
 It breaks my heart that this movie is not appr...
 This was so poor I had to turn it off in the e...
 The first feature length Muppet Movie, and exc...
 Admittedly, I didn't have high expectations of...
 This showed up on a DVD a buddy of mine bought...
 I can only say this: ee03128 from Portugal, I ...
 Well, would firstly like to clarify that Kaakh...
 Pretentious horror film that looks like a soap...
 Anyone giving this movie a good review obvious...
 Linda Lovelace was the victim of a sadistic wo...
 Bizarre horror movie filled with famous faces ...
 This movie is about a very sexy Olympic track ...
 I liked Antz, but loved "A Bug's Life". The an...
 OK, If you're looking for another Bastketball ...
 not really sure what to make of this movie. ve...
 De Grot is a very good film. The great plot co...
 The fact that I did not like the music is a ve...
 CUJO is a movie adaptation of a novel of the s...
 'Renaissance (2006)' was created over a period...
 I stumbled across this movie late at night on ...
 there is no suspense in this serial! When one ...
 I saw this movie in the Rotterdam Film Festiva...
 I watched this movie on video the other night ...
 Michelle Pfeiffer stars as a mob widow who see...
 "The Evil That Men Do" begins with a truly rep...
 Is this movie as bad as some claim? In my opin...
 Great drama with all the areas covered EXCEPT ...
 Sorry for all you guys that are not family wit...
 There are some great philosophical questions. ...
 Terrific film with a slightly slow start - giv...
 "Queen of the Damned" is one of the best vampi...
 I have never seen the first Killjoy film, and ...
 This movie appears to have designed as a Fred ...
 I loved "Flash Gordon" as a child and watching...
 Anyone who appreciates fine acting and ringing...
 This movie obviously had good intentions. At t...
 Well, I hate hollywood, but love cinema so i h...
 A quiet, sweet and beutifully nostalgic movie ...
 Norris plays a Chicago cop who stumbles upon a...
 Do not watch this movie, go see something else...
 this movie begins with an ordinary funeral... ...
 I was invited to an early screening of the mov...
 Trapped: buried alive brings us to a resort th...
 I was in 6th grade and this movie aired on PBS...
 Despite of the success in comedy or drama, the...
 The Theory Of Flight is an engaging character ...
 I watched this on tv in 1989 and regretted not...
 Badly made. Dreadful acting and an ending that...
 Addle-brained stupidity that the cartoon "Bull...
 One of those classics, held up next to "Deep T...
 Director F.W. Murnau wisely stuck with the sil...
 Tenacious D: in The Pick of Destiny tells the ...
 One cannot help but admire Mike Judge for his ...
 I realize that alot of people hate this movie,...
 !!!! MILD SPOILERS !!!!<br /><br />With the ex...
 this show is one of the worst shows of ALL TIM...
 Director Lo Wei was known to read the racing p...
 Platoon is to the Vietnam War as Rocky IV is t...
 Produced by Nott Entertainment, this movie is ...
 This film is an interesting take on the killer...
 This was a sad waste of two such promising act...
 In 1978 a phenomenon began. The release of Joh...
 If there's anything worse than this movie I do...
 It is noteworthy that mine is only the third r...
 Watching TRUTH ABOUT LOVE (is this a double en...
 Unbelievably bad acting, a no good, unclear st...
 All right, let's be realistic about this. Nobo...
 When voting I was going to give a 2 but when s...
 And that is the only reason I posses this DVD....
 It is hard to put the devastating beauty of Tr...
 A group of teenagers discover a bootleg video ...
 The production values in this video are so poo...
 Team Spirit is maybe made by the best intentio...
 Firstly let me say that I didn't like the fact...
 The famous international conductor Daniel Daré...
 My skateboarding career ended in 1974 when my ...
 A very good story for a film which if done pro...
 Next to "Star Wars" and "The Wizard of Oz," th...
 Peter Ustinov plays an embezzler who is just g...
 Yowza! If anyone who loves Laurel and Hardy ca...
 At the time, "My Left Foot" was the little mov...
 This is my first comment! This is a fantastic ...
 To be as honest as I possibly can, The Devil's...
 Marked for Death (1990) spends more time on ac...
 I knew full well when I rented this DVD that i...
 The first thing that struck me about this movi...
 This derivative erotic thriller remains watcha...
 This is one of the worst film adaptations of a...
 Absolutely the very first film that scared me ...
 This is a FUNNY film. It has all the usual Dis...
 I've seen about a half dozen of the low budget...
 RENDITION is a film not to miss with solid wri...
 I have spent the last 5 years in the entertain...
 Wow, what a waste of acting talent. My husband...
 Worth the entertainment value of a rental, esp...
 Christophe Lambert once said he was still maki...
 To remake "Lost Horizon", as a musical, the ne...
 i saw this film by accident and this movie was...
 Like most sports movies, it's not surprising t...
 The Violent Men is a good western. Perhaps the...
 do you still love woody allen's humor and sens...
 I must say one big reason why I thought the Ar...
 This movie looked like it was rushed to releas...
 This movie travels farther on 8 gunshots, 2 ki...
 This movie was o.k. but it could have been muc...
 I hate how this movie has absolutely no creati...
 For persons of a certain age, W.W. II was the ...
 This 1-hour 30-minute inside joke is best unde...
 This 1959 soap opera film takes us into the li...
 "Death Bed:The Bed That Eats" is a supremely b...
 This was thought to be the flagship work of th...
 Bridges of madison county is a better made ver...
 Hundstage is an intentionally ugly and unnervi...
 There really wasn't much of a story in this fi...
 "The Violent Men" marked the finest collaborat...
 I enjoyed the film, and the fact that it aimed...
 This is the most boring, pretentious, and stup...
 I guess there are some out there that remember...
 As a former submariner, this was one of the wo...
 Nintendo!!! YOU #%$@ERS!!! How could you do th...
 "Shall We Dance?", a light-hearted flick from ...
 There are many so-called anti-war/anti-govt. p...
 This is just about in the same league as `The ...
 Wow this movie sucked big time. I heard this m...
 You will marvel at the incredibly sophisticate...
 (Possible *SPOILERS* warning)<br /><br />You n...
 It's a difficult movie to classify "10 Items o...
 Jerry Lewis was marginally funny when he didn'...
 This was by far one of the worst movies Sandra...
 While some performances were good-Victoria Row...
 I have to admit that I approached this movie w...
 William Cooke and Paul Talbot share director/w...
 This is a witty and delightful adaptation of t...
 For some reason, various young couples hiking ...
 Steven Segal has done some awful films, but th...
 Like other people who commented on "Fräulein D...
 Another review likened this troupe to a cross ...
 I was forced to watch this film for my World R...
 There are no spoilers in this review because e...
 I have seen it & i like it Melissa plays her p...
 This movie is just crap, I cant put it differe...
 Another of many nearly forgotten movies cranke...
 Exceptionally silly actioner with braindead le...
 This is the fifth part of 'The Animatrix', a c...
 Is this a bad movie? Don't take my word for it...
 I believe an entire book can be written about ...
 The Sopranos (now preparing to end) is the ver...
 having never actually seen anything by this be...
 A kind of road movie in old-fashioned trains i...
 The special effects of this movie are, especia...
 My family (two 40-somethings, an 8 year old an...
 The two most noteworthy things about "I Won't ...
 If you're looking for a kung-fu action movie, ...
 The impossibly sexy Rosie Holotik plays Charlo...
 Just watched this movie and it's not bad; ther...
 Lou Costello (sans Abbott) plays a small town ...
 Ronald Coleman had been a star of the screen f...
 I bought this at tower records after seeing th...
 And the Oscar for the most under-rated classic...
 Renoir's tale of Paris,the Cancan,a washer-gir...
 With all of the violence on TV and in the loca...
 If I wouldn't have had any expectations of thi...
 This is a splendidly done simplistic film that...
 Example of how a World War 2 documentary shoul...
 Not since "8 Heads in a Duffel Bag" and the "H...
 Steve Carpenter cannot make horror movies. Fir...
 DIG! is funny, fun, amusing, interesting, styl...
 I don't know what else to say about this horri...
 Very bad but watchable science fiction film th...
 Why bother, ITV? Admittedly, Mansfield Park is...
 It's very sad that Lucian Pintilie does not st...
 Film about the failure of government and the s...
 I have always liked this film and I'm glad it'...
 I'm a fan of Jeff Bridges so I snapped this up...
 Men, do I love police movies filled with actio...
 I remember this movie when i was 13 (seems a l...
 awful, just awful! my old room mate used to wa...
 Well I'm not the world's biggest Sondheim fan,...
 Even not being a fan of the "Star Trek" movies...
 This film limps from self indulgent moment to ...
 This is the worst movie I've ever seen in my l...
 Some very interesting camera work and a story ...
 I could have done with the seven gunslingers j...
 I've been waiting since last October to see th...
 An enjoyable Batman animated film. Not on par ...
 The film starts with promise because there is ...
 I've been disappointed, if not surprised, at t...
 "A Slight Case of Murder" is an excellent TV m...
 quote by Nicolas Martin (nicmart) from Houston...
 not too much top's the classic "top gun" or "i...
 The third collaboration for Karloff and Lugosi...
 A good movie for horse enthusiasts and most ot...
 There are a few scripts like this one floating...
 Slaughter High is about a boy named Marty. He ...
 Richard Linklater's beautifully directed mixtu...
 If you think Hannah Montana or the Suite Life ...
 In 17th Century Japan, there lived a samurai w...
 Before George Clooney directed Sam Rockwell in...
 (Sorry for my faulty language, i am no native ...
 As winter approaches, our state-owned broadcas...
 A mix of Ninja stuff mixed with a sub-James Bo...
 Loved the shots of airports -- Dallas, Phoenix...
 This was a really funny movie.<br /><br />Ever...
 As long as you can get past your puritanical i...
 An allegation of aggravated sexual assault alo...
 Surprisingly well-acted, well-written movie ab...
 here, let me wave my hands over the keyboard, ...
 When I saw this movie a few days ago, my eyes ...
 This is a very moving picture about 3 forty-so...
 I'm giving it only 9 out of 10, because I need...
 While this outing certainly doesn't live up to...
 It finally hit me watching my VHS of Christmas...
 This is one of the best films we watched in my...
 Along with Cops, The Goat is one of Keaton's t...
 Yes, I watch this show. Because my girlfriend ...
 Good exciting movie, although it looks to me t...
 Seeing Les Amants Reguliers calls immediately ...
 The first bottom movie was an absolute laugh f...
 Primal Species comes from B Movie legend Roger...
 You want to know what the writers of this movi...
 Neatly sandwiched between THE STRANGER, a smal...
 It is not surprising that this film was made b...
 "Eh-heh eh-heh hey, dude - look at these alien...
 Anne Brontes epic novel THE TENANT OF WILDFELL...
 The Dune miniseries opens with a "flashforward...
 Rumor has it that when the NASA Technical Advi...
 Simple story... why say more? It nails it's pr...
 1st watched 6/24/2007 - 4 out of 10(Dir-Stefan...
 Sorry, not good.<br /><br />It starts out inte...
 A killer, wearing a plastic white mask and bla...
 Gee, what a heck of a movie!... I said I wante...
 There's a great deal of material from the Mode...
 It seemed as though the year 1984 was anything...
 Let's get the flaw out of the way right off th...
 A young man kills a young woman for no reason....
 I have to agree with the previous reviewer. Al...
 For years I thought this knockabout service co...
 ******SPOILERS******<br /><br />The unfunny ra...
 Being Belgian myself, I take interest in the h...
 If you want a film with the full range of emot...
 This movie is a hard-to-find gem! It is the st...
 Colonel Chabert is one of the best adaptations...
 How did I ever appreciate this dud of a sequel...
 My website (theflickguy.org) lists "Michael" a...
 Many funny scenes about the people that you do...
 This was an absolute disgrace! The worst drama...
 This Don Siegel/Clint Eastwood strange and hyp...
 This movies is the best movie to watch for com...
 I'm not a massive Disney fan, but my 7 year ol...
 Great acting on the part of Gretchen Mol. This...
 Dominion tank police is an exercise in contrad...
 Well, I have finally caught up with "Rock 'N' ...
 "Darius Goes West" is the touching story of a ...
 The curse of Monkey Island is a brilliant vide...
 There is something about Doug McLure's appeara...
 It all starts with a suicide. Or is it a car c...
 ... what a porn movie would look like if you t...
 It is the best movie on acting I have ever see...
 No offense to anyone who saw this and liked it...
 This film about secret government mind experim...
 Guy Ritchie's noble effort is beat up, knocked...
 I feel very generous giving this movie a 2 out...
 A typical old b&w film. The dialogues are some...
 To this day, there isn't a movie I've seen mor...
 I feel like I've just watched a snuff film.......
 DANGER: Watch for falling spoilers...<br /><br...
 I saw this film 12 years ago on TNT. It was Su...
 Famed filmmaker Werner Herzog's "Fata Morgana"...
 Whenever someone tries to tell me that they th...
 During my struggle to stay awake during this b...
 This movie will undoubtably not go over well w...
 Aimless teens on summer break in a small Ohio ...
 The plot sounded like it had promise. To be ho...
 Horrible film with bits of the Ramones strewn ...
 **May Contain Spoilers**<br /><br />A dude in ...
 This movie blows - let's get that straight rig...
 I tried. Lord help me, how I tried. But there ...
 Oh, Sam Mraovich, we know you tried so hard. T...
 The premise of the story is simple: An old man...
 For those who never saw A CHORUS LINE onstage ...
 Nell Shipman must have been paid a hefty sum o...
 I remember when this came out a lot of kids we...
 This is a most handsome film. The color photog...
 This movie is terrible. TERRIBLE. One of the w...
 After watching this, I had lost a little respe...
 > What a dud. It began with some promise, then...
 Film starts off great in 1872 with a violent, ...
 I really like this movie because in Australia,...
 As essential a part of British pop culture as ...
 I like this movie much, it's special type of h...
 Wow, this was a very bad movie... as read in o...
 am i the only one who saw the connection betwe...
 The promise of Martin Donovan playing Jesus wa...
 There are bad movies, terrible movies even bor...
 Oh just what I needed,another movie about 19th...
 If you make a suspense movie it is kind of imp...
 it's movies like these that make you wish that...
 As I don't have a TV, and had never heard of t...
 Wow, where to begin with this one. Well, if yo...
 I've just lost 2 hours of my life watching thi...
 I liked this quite a bit but I have friends th...
 Wildman head counselor Tripper Harrison (Bill ...
 Beyond The Clouds is a hauntingly beautiful, e...
 This is a 'sleeper'. It defines Nicholas Cage....
 I loved this movie and i never knew it was thi...
 Reba is a very dumb show. You can predict pret...
 Michael Bennett and Nicholas Dante's Broadway ...
 Twelve years ago, production stopped on the sl...
 Body Slam (1987) is a flat out terrible movie....
 I'd heard a lot of bad things about this film ...
 Since the advent of literature, people of all ...
 There's a good movie lurking here, but this is...
 I find myself wondering what the people who ga...
 I may be a sentimentalist. But i found this mo...
 Atmosphere and droll dialog don't redeem this ...
 This is another of John Travolta's "come back"...
 Even though it has one of the standard "Reveng...
 I saw this film shortly after watching Moonlig...
 Mean-spirited, ugly, nasty retro-action thrill...
 My husband and I were intrigued by the spectac...
 This is the type of film that makes you questi...
 In 1983 two Bond movies was made, one was the ...
 I remember when I first saw this movie, I was ...
 Also known as "Stairway to Heaven" in the US. ...
 <br /><br />This is without a doubt the funnie...
 This is certainly a quality movie with a class...
 The story is quite slow at the beginning excep...
 This film is utterly amazing. From the perform...
 If you like shoot em up westerns this is a kee...
 I didn't agree with any of the theology in the...
 this movie is made for Asian/Chinese market, t...
 Jeopardy has the feel of being a stock movie o...
 There are many problems with Mystery Men. Firs...
 I am having a hard time finding the words to e...
 The film is very fast-moving, bizarre and colo...
 This has to be the greatest practical joke eve...
 This film is a portrait of the half-spastic te...
 Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau have got to be ...
 This is one of those films that makes you want...
 This movie is surprisingly good. The ninja fig...
 Let me start out with saying I was VERY surpri...
 There are rumours that a fourth Underworld is ...
 It is the first time I can recall where an ada...
 Well when watching this film late one night I ...
 I managed to catch a late night double feature...
 First of all I would like to point out that th...
 This movie is amazing. You will NEVER laugh ha...
 The first Shiloh film was enjoyable by adults ...
 Based on Tom Wolfe's satirical novel that was ...
 I tend to like character-driven films. I also ...
 Pitch Black is a survival story. It's about ho...
 If you're a layman interested in quantum theor...
 I love bad movies: Showgirls, Plan 9 from Oute...
 Guinea Pig: The Devil's Experiment is without ...
 Here's a spoof that's guaranteed to entertain ...
 This is one of the most anti-traditional war m...
 This wonderful 3 part BBC production is one of...
 Do you know when you look at your collection o...
 I really enjoyed this movie. Typically Ron How...
 I've been on a bad run of films. This is a cli...
 I've just watched this with my three children ...
 This is a wonderful film as a film - it gets a...
 As a fan of old warner brothers gangster movie...
 "Cry Freedom" is not just a movie. It is a his...
 A Christmas Together actually came before my t...
 If you suffer from insomnia then Radiant would...
 There are two ways to regard 'Head'. Either it...
 Pun intended. This low budget action/horror ve...
 A fun filled romp, full of silly if not someti...
 Jean Claude Van Damme tries to rescue his care...
 #1 Vampires vs. Humans<br /><br />#2 Military-...
 "D.O.A." is a non-thrilling thriller from dire...
 Anarchy and lawlessness reign supreme in the p...
 Polanski returns to the themes of solitude and...
 This is a movie about how men think women thin...
 This is a cute little French silent comedy abo...
 This film, I thought, was the great journey th...
 OK, a slasher movie. a very, very stupid slash...
 The first two sequences of this movie set up t...
 I was drawn to this movie the moment I saw a p...
 This is a great example of a rather simple Fil...
 Somewhat funny and well-paced action thriller ...
 This is definitely the worst movie Adam's ever...
 This film is exactly what its title describes-...
 What would you say about a man who was about t...
 Sad to say this is one of the sillier of John ...
 I was at a friends house for Thanksgiving and ...
 Seeing Laurel without Hardy in a film seems st...
 I thought that the love letter was a pretty go...
 I'm not quite sure why, but this movie just do...
 When someone remakes a classic movie, the rema...
 You have to like baseball, and you have to at ...
 This year's Eurovision was to me a big disappo...
 And you know why? Because they thought (or at ...
 Sorry everyone,,, I know this is supposed to b...
 This is an Emperor's New Clothes situation. So...
 Well OK, I've seen Wrath of the Ninja.<br /><b...
 Aunt Cora had always been tactless, and her we...
 To regard the film as nothing more than a docu...
 While I am not a big fan of musicals, I have l...
 This was without a doubt the best of the "Dirt...
 Amy Heckerling's second film Johnny Dangerousl...
 Sharky's Machine is a crime drama set in early...
 Cassidy(Kacia Brady)puts a gun in her mouth bl...
 Asia Argento is a sexy beautiful woman who lik...
 MY BROTHER TOM <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.85:...
 OK so i am like most people, give me free tick...
 With no fault to the actors (they all put on g...
 When i was told of this movie i thought it wou...
 What's the point of reviewing a movie like thi...
 Being a huge fan of hip-hop and turntablism to...
 Ghost Train is a fine and entertaining film, t...
 I will not vote this movie as an awful one, ma...
 1st watched 12/24/2009  4 out of 10 (Dir-Robe...
 Michael Jackson would have claimed a spot for ...
 For sci-fans this will be better than anything...
 I carefully checked if there's another movie n...
 This movie is very good and the whole family w...
 "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow" (an am...
 In spite of the great future-design touches, t...
 Never before have the motives of the producers...
 Ghoulies IV may not be the best out of the ser...
 I am surprised that everyone (even the critics...
 i realize this review will get me bashed by th...
 When I watched L'Appartement with my girlfrien...
 Sometimes I just want to laugh. Don't you? No ...
 The film did what it set out to do: show how a...
 This film was set, filmed, and premiered in Ox...
 I just saw the third week of Stephen Kings' Ni...
 An incredible performance! This is one of the ...
 A classy offering from Amicus, producer Milton...
 At first i didn't like they way the director w...
 Let's set one thing straight: this movie does ...
 Chan-wook Park, you have to hand it to the guy...
 I could not agree more with the quote "this is...
 I thought the movie (especially the plot) need...
 Some fraud girl tries to compete in the big le...
 This 1970 hit film has not aged well, but fran...
 The world now seems to be in an odd stage of d...
 This movie was heavily marred by the presence ...
 This is a good blueprint for a study of corpor...
 I just saw this on a local independent station...
 Such great actors such a disappointment. Marlo...
 <br /><br />This movie really has nothing goin...
 Fires on the plain directed by Kon Ichikawa an...
 "Le Locataire"("The Tenant")is without a doubt...
 You know, I went to see "The Hills have eyes 2...
 A group of young travelers that just ran out o...
 I bought Bloodsuckers on ebay a while ago. I w...
 really excellent movie, one of the best i've s...
 Just in time to capitalize on the long-awaited...
 This is a beautiful movie that is wonderfully ...
 Well.....horror this ain't, but.......!!!??? A...
 I had known Brad Linaweaver at Florida State U...
 John Cassavetes is on the run from the law. He...
 If Ashanti had been a serious attempt at a fil...
 Ray is one of those movies that makes you paus...
 John Scott (John Wayne) and partner Kansas Cha...
 Yes AWA wrestling how can anyone forget about ...
 saw this in preview- great movie- wonderful ch...
 A great film. Every moment masterfully conduct...
 I enjoyed this movie,and after watching it,it ...
 After some internet surfing, I found the "Home...
 Sensitive, extremely quiet paced love story be...
 I'd love to give this movie a 10/10, but in it...
 As an old white housewife I can still apprecia...
 I think it took a lot of guts for her to come ...
 The best film on the battle of San Antonio, Te...
 I must admit, ashamed though I am, that as an ...
 They probably could have skipped some of the b...
 This movie was filmed in my hometown and I was...
 This is one very dire production. The general ...
 If there is one film which is the worst of thi...
 Here's why this movie fell very short of its p...
 What is this ? A low budget sex comedy ? Anywa...
 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie because there ...
 I was given a DVD of Public Enemies and was ex...
 I have only seen the minimum wage episode yet ...
 I'm torn about this show. While MOST parts of ...
 Late one night on Tom Snyder's "Tomorrow" Show...
 After seeing the low-budget shittier versions ...
 The premise of Bottom crossed with Fawlty Towe...
 This is one of those awful, sex-driven B-movie...
 i was part of the cast of Space Odyssey, playi...
 If you really have to watch this movie because...
 This movie was beyond awful, it was a pimple o...
 Despite the excellent cast and the potential o...
 Dreadful film about a doctor who goes fishing ...
 Howling II (1985) was a complete 180 from the ...
 This movie is a true reflection of the Austral...
 From the moment the film begins, already there...
 Boy oh boy oh golly gee,<br /><br />The most i...
 I just finished watching this movie and I must...
 I happened to borrow this movie from a friend ...
 Seagal fans beware- He does no action scenes u...
 Devin Hamilton is probably better known as the...
 Judith Ivey as the scamming old whore is aweso...
 Story of a wrongly executed prisoner who haunt...
 This is by far probably the worst film Al Paci...
 Like many people in my general age range, I re...
 OK, maybe it doesn't deserve an Oscar. Or a Go...
 Rosie wasted a lot of TV time talking about th...
 Quite possibly. How Francis Veber, one of the ...
 I only watched this movie because I was so imp...
 What can you say about a grainy, poorly filmed...
 ***SPOILERS*** Seething with hatred and reveng...
 It's only 2 episodes into a 5 part drama, but ...
 This is by far the worst movie I have ever see...
 E. Elias Merhige's Begotten is a one of a kind...
 H.G. Wells in 1936 was past his prime and the ...
 This is the thirteenth Falcon film. Tom Conway...
 I really hate this show! I had watched one epi...
 Writer/Director Peter Greenaway cements his ti...
 I didn't mind the film that much, but it was i...
 Then again, I like Rachael Ray. She is fun, sw...
 I guess it's Jack's great empathic ability tha...
 "Blind Date" is one of three stories-made-into...
 This movie was 100% boring, i swear i almost d...
 This movie, I would like to say, was completel...
 My 3 year old loved it. I loved it, my wife lo...
 What's happening to RGV? He seems to repeat hi...
 Fred Gwynne, Al Lewis, Sid Caesar, and Yvonne ...
 As has already been noted, the short film "Eve...
 One of the dumbest movies in the history of ci...
 (I'll indicate in this review the point where ...
 What we have here is a film perfect for anyone...
 This horrible action  sci-fi movie is a crap....
 Natile Portman and Susan Sarandon play off of ...
 Anyone who has seen 'Shine',Scott Hicks film o...
 It is the best film i have seen in the last 5 ...
 One of the finest movies I have viewed...Good ...
 Okay, I sensed that a film by Mormons, about M...
 "Rival reporters Pat Morgan (Ginger Rogers) an...
 First off, I must admit that both films I've s...
 This was such a funny movie, which was soon fo...
 Big rock candy mountain is amazing. i watched ...
 I gave this two stars for the awesome DV shot ...
 If you`re not old enough to remember Yoram Glo...
 If there's one thing you can count on Disney t...
 I wouldn't rent this one even on dollar rental...
 Is there anything else on earth to be more ent...
 There was a time when Joel Schumacher was rank...
 Governments are elected for three year terms, ...
 Oh, man, I hated this movie. Granted, the site...
 Was convincing the world that he didn't exist....
 My daughter already wrote a review of this mov...
 The Wicker Man Has Done The Impossible! It rep...
 Wow, I knew this film was going to be bad but ...
 After 30 seconds, you already realize that the...
 I liked this film very much. The story jumps b...
 I regret that I've seen this movie. Can't beli...
 I, like many other Bachchan fans, having been ...
 A couple of farmers struggle in life in a smal...
 "Hitler, the rise of Evil" is clearly produced...
 Though not a Greek I have had a lifelong inter...
 I come from Bangladesh, and here, C.C.Costigan...
 This movie is just too funny, a totally non-PC...
 This movie is not only boring, it is also real...
 They give you the set up then bore you to deat...
 This is one of the best movies I have ever see...
 I just got back from seeing, "Comedian". It wa...
 This is one of those movies when you are watch...
 I'm rating 'The Decline of the American Empire...
 Horrendous "comedy" in which a beautiful, craz...
 I really looked forward to see Planet of the A...
 I thought I had seen this film before as the p...
 This movie might not put the Catholic church i...
 A must for any die hard Carpenters fans!<br />...
 Ying, a Chinese girl who speaks Czech, invited...
 Sometimes good things happen by accident.<br /...
 As many agree, Origin is a beautiful anime art...
 Warning,contains spoilers!<br /><br />This is ...
 This film is so bad it's hilarious. I watched ...
 If you're a fan of Mystery Science Theater 3K,...
 A woman as rich as she is insecure has a histo...
 Well, I couldn't even enjoyed this movie much ...
 This film deals with the Irish rebellion in th...
 Don't be taken in because the premise of this ...
 It's Saturday, it's raining, and I think every...
 That pretty much sums it up ... corny. MacDowe...
 Sometimes I rest my head and think about the r...
 A teenager who seems to have it all commits su...
 Low-rent version of Ashley Judd's Double Jeopa...
 "Alexander Nevsky" marked director Sergei Eise...
 well,there isnt much to say about this movie. ...
 The book that this movie is based on seriously...
 Ronald Colman gives a terrific performance as ...
 a real hoot, unintentionally. sidney portier's...
 I have seen and enjoyed all of the Chameleon m...
 Definitely one of funny man Eddie Murphy's les...
 Meatball Machine is an amazing splatter film, ...
 When a stiff turns up with pneumonic plague (a...
 Hercules wound up falling into the same catego...
 "The Student Nurses" is an excellent film that...
 Every time I watch this film, it just really m...
 I liked this movie, Although halfway through i...
 Fido is a story about more well mannered zombi...
 1st watched 2/28/2006 - 4 out of 10(Dir-Sydney...
 Barry Kane (Robert Cummings) is wrongfully acc...
 A strange relationship between a middle-aged w...
 Ohhh the brutality, ohhhhh the dying breed, oh...
 This is one of the most predictable movies I h...
 With Matthias Hues on the cover and only $3.00...
 UNCONDITIONAL LOVE is surprisingly entertainin...
 If you don't like Italian horror, you won't li...
 This movie was a rather odd viewing experience...
 Well, what can you say about a Barbara Cartlan...
 Keira Knightley and Sienna Miller stars in the...
 This is the Columbo that got directed by Steve...
 This movie had me smiling from beginning to en...
 In the title I write that the story is ludicro...
 This has to be one of the best movies we have ...
 5 minutes into this movie I was hyperventilati...
 it's all very simple. Jake goes to prison, and...
 What a waste of time! I've tried to sit throug...
 This was an interesting movie...half-comedy, h...
 I am sorry but this is the worst film I have e...
 This is a documentary unlike any other. It has...
 There are many police dramas doing the rounds....
 Slaughter Trail is a B western with some grand...
 The title of this movie doesn't make a lot of ...
 Okay,I'm a history buff,and okay,I'm a action ...
 Only after some contemplation did I decide I l...
 When the British Film Institute asked Martin S...
 To be honest, I had to go see this movie backw...
 I saw this movie a couple years back. I could'...
 A brief history of time. The cosmological cont...
 I was looking forward to Dante's contribution ...
 There is absolutely no plot in this movie ...n...
 I found this movie boring, monotonous and quit...
 Chuck Jones's 'Odor-able Kitty' is the cartoon...
 I saw Crispin Glover's "What Is It?" at the An...
 I enjoyed Carax's "Les Amants du Pont Neuf" an...
 A fine Martino outing, this is a spirited and ...
 Brilliant Biographic FILM..<br /><br />Well...
 That distinction has to go to THE DUNGEON OF H...
 Maverick cop with family problems and fondness...
 While being a great James Arness western, this...
 It had its moments, but overall when I watched...
 Even if it were remotely funny, this mouldy wa...
 At 2:37pm in a bathroom at an Adelaide highsch...
 The headline describes it exactly. This dribbl...
 Based on fact, this is the story of a teenager...
 The only reason I saw "Shakedown" was that it ...
 This 1931 comedy gets better with every viewin...
 My guess is that this director/writer had some...
 As a kid, my friends and I all believed that G...
 Ursula Andress' naked body is one of those thi...
 Witticisms, colorful characters, family relati...
 Although Embryo could have been a potentially ...
 wow, this movie sucked.<br /><br />This movie ...
 I enjoy B movies. I think Bruce Campbell is a ...
 When HOPPITY GOES TO TOWN he discovers nothing...
 In the U.S., very few films have been made abo...
 This is one of the funniest movies I have ever...
 Only the glandular secretions -- and please do...
 Did anyone who was making this movie, particul...
 The opening shot was the best thing about this...
 Greyfriars Bobby was NOT a westie - Bobby was ...
 I've just finished viewing the 1st disc in a 4...
 I can't even begin to imagine why everyone hat...
 Best of the Best 4, is better than 3, but just...
 Milo is a complete rip off of the 1992 slasher...
 Hello. I am Paul Raddick, a.k.a. Panic Attack ...
 When I was a kid of 8, I always watched movies...
 The acting was horrendous as well as the scree...
 This DVD usually sells for around $20. I would...
 This film is just plain horrible. John Ritter ...
 Last week, I took a look at the weekly Nielsen...
 OK - as far as the 2 versions of this movie. T...
 Saw the movie today and thought it was a good ...
 I seriously don´t know why this movie got such...
 I hope the writer, director, editor, and compo...
 Weak, fast and multicolor,this is the Valvolin...
 I cannot vote on this because I wouldn't watch...
 I thought it would be more fantastic a tale. B...
 Pretty dreadful movie about several unbalanced...
 This film is predictable; it is more predictab...
 This movie is breath-taking and mind-blowing. ...
 If you repeat a lie enough number of times wil...
 this movie is a masterpiece a story of a young...
 A highly original film using a myriad of genre...
 To Die For (1989) was just another d.t.v. feat...
 Okay I must say that before the revealing of t...
 This movie is intelligent. That is, more than ...
 I just saw this at the Toronto Film Festival, ...
 I went to see this 3 nights ago here in Cork, ...
 This is one great show, that it makes me wonde...
 Pat O'Brien portrays Knute Rockne, the All-Ame...
 The Simpsons of course started off with Christ...
 Ah WINTER KILLS , based on the novel by Richar...
 At last, a great film that doesn't have to be ...
 I had always heard about this great mini-serie...
 One of the many Merrie Melodies cartoons that ...
 Despite Disney's best efforts, this is a rathe...
 Superb editing, outstanding acting, especially...
 There's nothing really to dislike about "The O...
 Despite its New York setting & New York charac...
 We are taken to a convenience store where Nick...
 Kane is a killer named Jacob Goodnight, he liv...
 As an English teacher, I appreciate films that...
 Let me start by saying that there's really no ...
 Gloria Swanson (as Leila Porter) is an underst...
 o m g!!! did you ever think they would make a ...
 It's so sad that Romanian audiences are still ...
 All the pro comments about this movie claim th...
 This has to be one of the worst movies of all ...
 This film, originally released at Christmas, 1...
 I have seen many a horror flick in my time, al...
 This movie is a window on the world of Britain...
 This movie was so predictable. Its a complete ...
 Unfortunately, this movie is so bad. The origi...
 I loved the blood and gore. The kind of violen...
 Bad news for anyone wanting to film a full-len...
 Look no further, this is it, the worst movie e...
 This was a romantic, simple funny movie. I rea...
 This must be the worst thriller I have seen in...
 From the beginning of this film,with it's "The...
 Watching it now it's still as skanky and sexis...
 You'll notice that the chemist, who appears in...
 I will admit my ignorance of this film's exist...
 "Hit and Run" is a shattering story starring t...
 This is definitely one of the weirder 70's mov...
 On one Thursday evening at 10:00pm, my local w...
 I generally love this type of movie. However, ...
 For starters, I didn't even know about this sh...
 This is definitely a stupid, bad-taste movie. ...
 This movie is a fantastic movie. Everything ab...
 This adaptation positively butchers a classic ...
 Started watching this but didn't believe in an...
 This is so bad I don't know where to begin.<br...
 i would like to comment the series as a great ...
 I'm sorry, but even TJ Hooker's Adrian Zmed co...
 When this showed at the Seattle Int'l Film Fes...
 It takes a very special kind of person to make...
 This was a disappointing movie. Considering th...
 This is a poor caricature of "Lonesome Dove" -...
 This film is a classic seventies cop flick tha...
 I was privileged to have seen some snippets fr...
 This is a very strange little short film that ...
 I saw Le Conseguenze Dell'Amore on the 2005 Ro...
 I enjoy the show Surface very much. The show i...
 Sequels hardly ever live up to the original. T...
 I'm a big fan of the TV series Largo Winch. Th...
 A chick flick that Guys still like - Yes! Wond...
 "Cypher" is a cleverly conceived story about i...
 Three story lines and not enough tying them to...
 This movie was very enjoyable, though you'll o...
 There is a reason this went straight to video-...
 I enjoyed this one, because I can relate to it...
 This entertainingly tacky'n'trashy distaff "De...
 I was not entirely impressed by this film. It ...
 First of all I have to say that I'm a huge Luc...
 OK, I kinda like the idea of this movie. I'm i...
 If this is classed as 'real life' of London, t...
 Uncle Fred Olen Ray once again gives us a litt...
 I think I am some kind of Road Runner fan. I d...
 I can't help but notice the negative reviews t...
 quite possibly one of (if not the) worst film ...
 In this documentary we meet Roger, the rich ma...
 As a cinema fan White Noise was an utter disap...
 A clever, undeniably entertaining romp starrin...
 Good historical drama which is very educationa...
 I was very disappointed by this movie. I thoug...
 This P.of S. was highly recommended to me by t...
 After a brief prologue showing a masked man st...
 This might be unbelievable, but this movie has...
 I like the good and evil battle. I liked Eddie...
 Thanks to Kevin Smith, a bunch of geeks are ru...
 This film is great! Being a fan of "The Comic ...
 I have a problem with the movie snobs who cons...
 This movie is probably my favorite movie of al...
 This is the kind of movie which is loved by 50...
 I know that there are some purists out there w...
 OK, so, Chuck Norris somehow found a way to ge...
 The plot of the movie is pretty simple : a vir...
 What the heck is this about? Kelly (jennifer) ...
 Reese Witherspooon's first movie. Loved it. Th...
 I thought the whole movie played out beautiful...
 Robert Jordan is a television star. Robert Jor...
 Stanley Kubrick, a director who I hold in the ...
 As a gamer, I can't say I like this film. Fact...
 1st watched 8/3/2003 - 2 out of 10(Dir-Brad Sy...
 I'm originally from Brazil... the sad thing ab...
 I went into Deathtrap expecting a well orchest...
 Basic structure of a story: Beginning, Middle,...
 Do not watch this movie, or.. If you are reall...
 The viewer leaves wondering why he bothered to...
 I watched the first episode and I found it to ...
 The dancing was probably the ONLY watchable th...
 This TV production of 1970 starring Susannah Y...
 This is another fantasy favorite from Ralph Ba...
 I have a severe problem with this show, severa...
 'A comedy of biblical proportions!' Those mast...
 I enjoyed the feel of the opening few minutes,...
 It has been so many years since I saw this but...
 I have to admit that when first saw Madonna pe...
 How does a movie become a Biblical epic? Simpl...
 This film is in a dead tie with the original f...
 Really, really bad. How does a film this bad g...
 I saw mommy...well, she wasn't exactly kissing...
 An Avent-garde nightmarish, extremely low-budg...
 Edge of Madness is a tale about a woman in the...
 Delightful Disney film with Angela Lansbury in...
 One of the most charming and, for me at least,...
 After the success of Star Wars, there was a bo...
 I was amazed at the quality of this film, part...
 Incident on and off a Mountain Road is Don Cos...
 In the first 20 minutes, every cliche possible...
 Well, if you are one of those Katana's film-nu...
 If you like bad movies, this is the one to see...
 Student Seduction finds Saved By The Bell Alum...
 Some sciencey people go down in a cave for som...
 This film is a tapestry, a series of portraits...
 I understand that Paramount wanted to film thi...
 I actually like this movie even though I don't...
 Shazam was okay, but Hero High was my favorite...
 "Valentine" is another horror movie to add to ...
 Well, that's what this should have been called...
 "Who Will Love My Children" Saddest movie I ha...
 The performances rate better than the rating I...
 I meant that in a GOOD way, believe me. True t...
 This show came to Canada via PBS in the mid 90...
 It's not Citizen Kane, but it does deliver. Cl...
 Back in 1995, Barry Sonnenfeld directed a movi...
 I thought it was a pretty good movie and shoul...
 Infamous for being "brought to you by the digi...
 I took this out arbitrarily from the library t...
 I was electrified when I first saw this in 198...
 I went to see this movie with my boyfriend las...
 "Against All Flags" is every bit the classic s...
 Last of the Johnny Weissmuller Tarzan films an...
 It seems that Salvatores couldn't decide what ...
 I love cartoons. They can show things that fil...
 This ultra-low budget kitchen-sink yawn is the...
 I've had never been disappointed by a Kurosawa...
 THE INVADERS IS A FAST MOVING SCI-FI THRILLER ...
 Alien Express is one of the worst movies I've ...
 What a master piece. To take the cold war conf...
 WARNING!! This review may contain spoilers. Th...
 ...but the actress playing the daughter just d...
 I saw the film for the first time at BBC on Ju...
 There is no possible reason I can fathom why t...
 This is an astonishingly bad action film. I'd ...
 end of the world looks like a good movie on th...
 I cannot understand the need to jump backwards...
 Yes i really found this film distasteful. <br ...
 Honestly, when I went to see this movie at the...
 Just watched it then. It is pretty damn awesom...
 Good lord! This movie needs to have a new clas...
 This movie won a special award at Cannes for i...
 USA's AZN TV purchased the rights to this film...
 The person making taffy in this movie was so r...
 I have begun to melt so I will make this revie...
 This is an important film. It challenges the v...
 this movie is one that belongs on the cutting ...
 The movie takes place during the year 1940 and...
 I saw "El Mar" yesterday and thought it to be ...
 This film is about a group of five friends who...
 Reese Witherspoon plays Dani, a young country ...
 An exquisite film. They just don't make them l...
 THE CAT O'NINE TAILS (Il Gatto a Nove Code) <b...
 Put simply, this mini-series was terrible. Let...
 Altman and Scorsese have twisted sex together ...
 Camp Blood III is a vast improvement on Camp B...
 Because of the depth of his character studies ...
 As you may know Norway is the most developed c...
 This show should be titled, "When Bad Writing ...
 This movie has got to be the worse movie i hav...
 Now, Throw Momma from the Train was not a grea...
 Really? Is this necessary? How can somebody ma...
 This series is formulaic and boring. The episo...
 Obviously Raw Feed Video is smarter than all o...
 I work in an office on weekends, and there is ...
 This comedy has some tolerably funny stuff in ...
 It probably isn't fair that I have got to see ...
 This is the story of Australian commandos who ...
 Of all the actresses in film today, Kristin Sc...
 Family Guy is THE best show on TV. EVER. It ha...
 La Petit Tourette is a pretty funny South Park...
 The plot sounds vaguely interesting ... a scie...
 I don't skateboard because I think it's gay bu...
 This is one of the very few movies out there w...
 This is what we can do to each other. This is ...
 This was one of those films that got a ton of ...
 Finally we have before us a Category III movie...
 Happy 25th Birthday to Valley Girl! Great soun...
 Living in the Middle East (in Israel), I was e...
 I saw Forgiving the Franklins at a Paramount s...
 The 4th Pokemon movie made me cry when Celebi ...
 I viewed The Reader at Sugar, which is not an ...
 Warner Brothers social responsibility at its m...
 One of the most provocative films ever with ex...
 the people who came up with this are SICK AND ...
 Everything about this movie is awful.<br /><br...
 The movie starts out with three people on a pl...
 How do comments like the one that was the head...
 I'm studying Catalan, and was delighted to fin...
 Seriously, I absolutely love these old movies ...
 This miniseries is a reasonable sequel to the ...
 The wonderfully urbane Ronald Coleman is show-...
 Since I watched it for the first time, "Piedra...
 This movie was a riot, it pokes fun of "Madonn...
 Mikio Naruse's examination of the lives of thr...
 NOTHING in this movie is funny. I thought the ...
 Mobile Suit Gundam Wing is the Fourth series i...
 This is not a film to impress you with high bu...
 CONTAINS SPOILER With the possible exception o...
 Watching The Tenants has been a interesting ex...
 I just finished watching this movie and am dis...
 I was looking forward to seeing this movie, un...
 "Enter the Fat Dragon" is one of the funniest ...
 At two and a quarter hours this is a sometimes...
 Late one night on a desolate road, in an empty...
 Two years before he wrote and directed "Arthur...
 The movie has started, the wheels spin, your c...
 I happened to watch this movie by chance some ...
 'Shock Corridor (1963)' was my first film from...
 I have never seen the 1973, older highly rated...
 the worst movie i have ever seen i didn't even...
 Much like Orson Welles thirty years earlier,Mi...
 If you want to watch a film that is oddly shot...
 This movie (with the alternate title "Martial ...
 While it may not be his most laugh-packed film...
 I was hoping that Pulp would be a interesting ...
 I first heard of Begotten when a girlfriend of...
 Flatliners left quite a noticeable impression ...
 A shaky hand-held camera was used, presumably ...
 I first saw this movie when it was released in...
 Along with virtually every Republic Picture ev...
 I gave this movie a rating of 1 because it is ...
 i can't believe people are giving bad reviews ...
 A new wrestling show paves way for the most fe...
 I saw this film first on my way home from Pari...
 So this guy goes into a psychiatrist's office ...
 Without a doubt, the WORST movie I have ever s...
 How the Grinch Stole Christmas was a wonderful...
 "Midnight Clear" has a great premise. A group ...
 Being a huge street fighter fan and thoroughly...
 I've read all the complimentary posts on this ...
 As powerful as the true story of Phoolan is, t...
 I am a usually a very generous voter on IMDb a...
 At the name of Pinter, every knee shall bow - ...
 Skip all the subjective "this is a great film"...
 Everyone has a first love, and though it is ha...
 This film opened to poor showings in the first...
 This is one of my favorite T.V shows of all ti...
 A couple of days ago I saw the awesome "House ...
 I enjoyed the film and would suggest to anyone...
 This series gets 2 stars solely because it put...
 The first part, Che in Cuba, is about that por...
 Wow, what a cheesy movie this is! It starts of...
 This is one of t.v.'s greatest mini-series! It...
 I remember seeing the trailer for this movie w...
 This movie could have been 15 minutes long if ...
 I would have given it a one instead of a two, ...
 Thomas Vinterbergs "De Største Helte" is yet a...
 Those of the "Instant Gratification" era of ho...
 At the beginning of this film, which I found m...
 I have to admit, I wasn't expecting much going...
 Clint Eastwood scores big in this thriller fro...
 Dramatic ? Yes......Historically accurate ? No...
 The plot for a movie such of this is a giveawa...
 I watched this film last night, i though i wou...
 This was so bad, I want God to give me an extr...
 After getting hooked on the mini series, "Nort...
 this movie was so gay like its a mom and son c...
 I know this movie isn't for everyone, and I wo...
 Despite its flaws, I enjoyed "Cigarette Burns"...
 Mindless dribble about the second coming of Ch...
 It is fitting that the title character in Sydn...
 Four porn stars romping through the Irish wood...
 I watched this hoping to find out something I ...
 All I could think while watching this movie wa...
 28 years before 9/11, there was another 9/11 w...
 Only the chosen ones will appreciate the quali...
 Melissa Sagemiller,Wes Bentley,Eliza Dushku an...
 SNL is pretty funny but people who say this is...
 Imagine a film the complete opposite of Lawren...
 There are a few spoilers in this comment!!<br ...
 well, what can i say. WHAT THE F**K? There rea...
 I cry at a lot of movies. Call me sentimental....
 I think if they made ANY MONEY make a complete...
 For starters I have always been a fan of the B...
 Uzumaki has a very unique story and I will nev...
 If I were to rate this movie based solely on t...
 Its almost embarrassing to say I even saw this...
 David Aames is a rich good-looking guy who liv...
 Never Been Kissed gives Drew Barrymore the cha...
 I sort of liked this movie, not a good one, bu...
 I saw this movie, just now, not when it was re...
 Jerk hazer Mike(David Zelina playing this coll...
 Looks as if the Robocop writer has been wholes...
 I had high hopes for this production, being on...
 In reply to "State of Confusion" The dogs inju...
 I loved "The Curse of Frankenstein" so much th...
 When great director/actor combinations are tal...
 Apart from the fact that this film was made ( ...
 A movie that makes you want to throw yourself ...
 Made me wish my own happy birds could talk. Ti...
 I feel totally ripped off. Someone needs to re...
 The only reason to give this movie even a sing...
 So Angela has grown up and gotten therapy and ...
 This film (like Astaire's ROYAL WEDDING - whic...
 This is a top finnish film this year,although ...
 I really have to disagree with guy-yardley-ree...
 This has just been broadcast on BBC and I am a...
 I didn't read the book "Scarlett" and when I w...
 This proves just how awful the WB Network was ...
 I really like this movie. Bozz is an ultra-coo...
 While the main story is supposed to take place...
 I love the so-called "blaxploitation" films an...
 This movie is... horrible and wonderful at the...
 I'd love to see some tie-in between NightBreed...
 Warning: If the Coen Brothers or David Lynch d...
 This is one of Disney's top five animated feat...
 I'm glad they finally released it on DVD. I bo...
 i found the story to be just enough of a thril...
 I like Fulci films, i really do and not in som...
 "Medusa: Dare to be Truthful" is an outrageous...
 The plot is tight. The acting is flawless. The...
 Anatole Litvak directed the 1959 film, "The Jo...
 The TV guide described the plot of SEVERED TIE...
 If you are going to make a movie from any book...
 This is a quirky heist/caper film, one that se...
 For the uninitiated, almost any Andy Milligan ...
 "Pixote: A Lei do Mais Fraco" deals with what ...
 Audiences today will probably watch a film lik...
 Bela Lugosi plays Dr. Lorenz who loves his wif...
 The last time I saw the movie I was around sev...
 One thing I have noticed about British horror ...
 I have not seen such a stupid,dumb movie since...
 If you have any sort of appreciation for chara...
 What this movie does well is combine action an...
 I still count "Police Squad!" as the absolute ...
 How many fricken' times do we have to see a sp...
 This is one of those unique horror films that ...
 In 60s Hong Kong, a man and woman move in the ...
 We really enjoyed Grey Owl: a simple tale well...
 Michael is probably too cutesy for most action...
 Bette Midler is again Divine! Raunchily humoro...
 If anyone at National Lampoon is reading this ...
 There were only two things that kept me intere...
 Most Hollywood movies fail to capture the full...
 Sadly, it's true. "Legiunea sträinä" exposes w...
 What a weekend. Two days ago I watched the fir...
 This is a comedy based on national stereotypes...
 My wife spotted this film on the aisle at a lo...
 This is the last film of Krzysztof Kieslowski ...
 In my opinion, this film has wonderful lightin...
 The beginning of this film is a little clunky ...
 MST 3000 should do this movie. It is the worst...
 How many reviews of this film will I have to w...
 i'll admit. i think Uma Thurman is the most be...
 Alright, before we review, I have to ask: why ...
 I've seen some crappy movies in my life, but t...
 This film was more effective in persuading me ...
 The frustrating thing about a movie like this,...
 Weak start, solid middle, fantastic finish. Th...
 this movie probably had a $750 budget, and sti...
 Jane Austen would definitely approve of this o...
 Vic (Richard Dreyfuss) is a mob boss, leaving ...
 So forgive the *really* lame game-play scene, ...
 As someone who used to spend hours driving aro...
 This is obviously aimed at the same market as ...
 How I Spend My Vacation puts closure to the te...
 Looking back at the career of Alfred Hitchcock...
 I can't believe how bad this "film" is. For st...
 It is not uncommon for a celebrity to be faced...
 The 1990s film with Anthony Hopkins and Debra ...
 A Walt Disney MICKEY MOUSE Cartoon.<br /><br /...
 This film is the most impressing turkish film ...
 This contains some spoiler information, but th...
 Is this supposed to be serious? I hope not. Th...
 This is an incredibly fun action/exploitation ...
 I'm a sucker for a good romance, but this one ...
 Sitting down to watch the 14th season of the B...
 Tim (Gary Daniels) wants desperately to break ...
 Charlie Wilson (Tom Hanks) is a hard-partying,...
 ... so what's in those missing 10 minutes that...
 It is hard to describe Bug in words, it is one...
 This is absolutely the worst comedy I have eve...
 Ever since the cinema-loving universe made acq...
 ...at least during its first half. If it had s...
 The most moving and truly eye opening document...
 Clint Tollinger arrives in a small town lookin...
 <br /><br />Emilio Estevez takes the wonderful...
 This film was an interesting take by Hollywood...
 Recently finally available in DVD (11/11/08), ...
 With documentary films, the question of realis...
 Not only was this the most expensive Canadian ...
 I was enticed into watching Shark Hunter by th...
 I can't describe the feeling when I got this c...
 In an era where nearly every great horror film...
 I am the parent of a special needs child and I...
 I saw this movie on VHS some time ago (27 Jan ...
 First of all, it is sheer joy to hear the lege...
 The acting was bad, and the plot, well i don't...
 When it comes to Paul Verhoeven and erotic thr...
 I couldn't wait to receive the DVD after heari...
 This is a bad B movie masquerading as a mockum...
 I can count (on one hand) the number of good m...
 Great. Another foreign film that thinks it's F...
 First, let me say that Notorious is an absolut...
 This first installment of Crispin Glover's per...
 This film is likely to be a real letdown unles...
 Well...there were some great, creamy-smooth fa...
 The social commentary was way overblown and th...
 I found this to be a watchable all be it very ...
 I couldn't stop watching this movie, though it...
 Despite John Travolta's statements in intervie...
 I usually can tolerate twisted movies, but thi...
 This movie shows me, that americans have no kn...
 Well...I like Patricia Kaas. She is a beautifu...
 Ugh, what can I say other than, ugh. I rented ...
 I've seen this movie twice on Transilvania Int...
 A ridiculous comedy given an arms-flailing dir...
 This may not be one of the best movies ever ma...
 One of the earlier reviews of this movie ends ...
 Four or five episodes of Johnnie Socko and his...
 I felt a great joy, after seeing this film, no...
 A charming movie enhanced by the musical and v...
 "Such a Long Journey" is a well crafted film, ...
 By 1952 Hollywood decided to remake the Al Jol...
 The genius that is Stephen Sondheim was never ...
 *WARNING* Spoilers ahead... The writers of thi...
 Broadcast News {dir. James L. Brooks, 1987} <b...
 this was one of the worst movies I've ever see...
 The movie starts off with Reeve (Ekin) and his...
 In 1967 I visited the Lake Elsinore glider-por...
 This film was the worst film I have ever viewe...
 This movie, even though it is over 70 years ol...
 Philippe Garrel makes us breathe the forgotten...
 Jacques Audiard's directorial debut See How Th...
 It was very refreshing to watch this beautiful...
 This film captures the true struggle with iden...
 I've never been huge on IMAX films. They're co...
 This movie will send chills down your spine, e...
 Recap: A lone swordsman, living in the desert ...
 Superb story of a dedicated young teacher who ...
 Set in the mid 1800's when the British is clea...
 I have to admit that I had low expectations fo...
 In this installment of the series, Edmund Blac...
 Tedium as only the French can do it. I checked...
 Loved today's show!!! It was a variety and not...
 Remember those old kung fu movies we used to w...
 This twisted comedy is well acted and directed...
 I have seen this movie a while back, after ord...
 I enjoyed Albert Pyun's "Nemesis" for its chee...
 Basically the first two Critters movie were al...
 This film is terrible. You don't really need t...
 Lorenzo Lamas stars as Jack `Solider` Kelly an...
 We see a body of dead girl in a morgue with th...
 The first ever fully synchronized sound cartoo...
 This is on my top list of all-time favourite f...
 The problem I find with this title is that I a...
 "The Cobweb" is an example of many examples of...
 When I learned of Sir Alec Guinness' death, th...
 Darr, although a copy of some Hollywood flick,...
 I will be short...This film is an embarrassmen...
 "The College Girl Murders" is my first acquain...
 Michael Keaton is "Johnny Dangerously" in this...
 I saw this in 1993 on a VHS tape but have been...
 If you don't mind subtitles, you like comedy a...
 Lackawanna Blues is a touching story about Nan...
 As the title suggests there is a philosophical...
 It figures this is a French film, LOL, with th...
 Back in August, '81 there was a country-ish bu...
 This movie is so good! I first seen it when i ...
 This was supposed to be set in the "Bible Belt...
 First some background; I am English and have l...
 This may have been based on historical events,...
 I didn't enjoy this film. I thought the acting...
 Though I never like to be the sort of person w...
 The Lady in Cement is a veritable course on so...
 I thought this movie was a lot better than mos...
 I was up late flipping cable channels one nigh...
 This film is one to spend the short while, ent...
 Rose and the good Doctor find themselves in a ...
 I'd have to admit that the draw of this movie ...
 I love Henry James books and Washington Square...
 I was under assumption that this was the cat a...
 Please, spare me of these movies that teach us...
 Great movie when I saw it. Have to say one of ...
 Beyond the excellent direction,production,acti...
 I first learned of the Wendigo many years ago ...
 I saw this movie when Mystery Science Theater ...
 My companions were astounded to find that this...
 At least I was able to enjoy mocking the movie...
 Veteran British television director Alan Gibso...
 Did you ever think, like after watching a horr...
 I grew up in Baltimore, so I was exposed to th...
 OK I watched this movie. Someone needs to kick...
 Sometimes a movie is so bad it's kind of good....
 The fact that this cruddy series could elicit ...
 I think the reason for all the opinionated dia...
 The saving grace of this film is its humour. P...
 This movie has not aged well. Maybe it's just ...
 Twenty five years ago, I showed this film in s...
 Plants in an ancient Mayan pyramid structure k...
 The producers of this film should be sued for ...
 Begotten is, no doubt, someone's attempt at or...
 The Japanese "Run Lola Run," his is one offbea...
 Wow, after trashing the disk of Timo Roses "Ro...
 I raced to the library to check out this minis...
 I walk out of very few movie screenings and th...
 There's only one thing I'm going to say about ...
 I know it's crude, and I know that it isn't at...
 This film may have a questionable pedigree bec...
 I really wanted to like this movie - the locat...
 This has to be one of the most powerful messag...
 Diego Armando Maradona was, and still remains ...
 I'd never heard of this, then found out it's t...
 GZSZ is the longest running daily soap in Germ...
 Back in the dark days of 1990, the hoped-for H...
 I, having both read and watched Gone With The ...
 Titanic has to be one of my all-time favorite ...
 I really do not joke when i can honestly submi...
 On the surface, this is an above-average post-...
 I accidentally caught this in the middle flipp...
 Naming the absolutely most pathetic piece of c...
 I have seen this film at least 100 times and I...
 This movie has very good acting by virtually a...
 I've seen a few bad action movies in my days, ...
 This film follows the life of a great guitar p...
 This movie has everything a fantasy movie shou...
 I saw Ray when it first came out. Why? Partly,...
 Claudine was one of the very first movies that...
 This movie is one of my favourites. It is a ge...
 This person is a so-called entertainer who has...
 Alex Winter and Keanu Reeves return as the two...
 This is the most messed up entry on IMDb that ...
 Kudos to Baxley's DP for making this look like...
 Italians movie-makers love to rip off American...
 WOW. One of the greatest movies I have EVER - ...
 Fans of Euro-horror flicks - Portland's video/...
 "Elvira, Mistress Of The Dark" is a sort of "H...
 This is what movies should aspire to. Funny wi...
 Saw this at the video store and thought I'd gi...
 THE WATERDANCE (1991) The main character of Th...
 this is an alright show to watch, its not the ...
 "Paula, I may be a bitch, but I'll never be a ...
 This movie is unworthy of the Omen title. It i...
 I really enjoyed The Patriot. This movie had l...
 I should preface this by stating that I am a D...
 My son, an avid skateboarder, sat me down and ...
 Positively ridiculous film.<br /><br />If Dori...
 And believe me that's a pretty stunning accomp...
 A real classic, ten out of ten! Every actor is...
 I saw this film with a special screening of th...
 Revolt of the Zombies is BAD. There is nothing...
 Bugs life is a good film. But to me, it doesn'...
 According to Milan Kundera, a porcelain-cat ho...
 This version of the Charles Dickens novel feat...
 Despite the fact that he worked for the worst ...
 this is the worst film I've seen in a long lon...
 I saw this movie when it was broadcast on tele...
 While Bondarchuk was by no means a young man w...
 Watched Uzumaki last night and right away was ...
 This film should never have been made! It stin...
 Titanic directed by James Cameron presents a f...
 I only gave this ridiculously titled comedy ho...
 I always knew the day was coming. We all knew....
 Wow, this film had a huge impact on me, it mov...
 I loved This Movie. When I saw it on Febuary 3...
 Lets put it this way. I actually get this movi...
 True, there are many movies much worse then th...
 Ronald Reagan and a bunch of US soldiers in a ...
 After a meteorite lands in "Boston" (really so...
 'Capital City' fans rejoice! This first season...
 Isabelle Huppert is a wonderful actor. The dir...
 I had the opportunity to see this film debut a...
 How can any of you call this propaganda a fami...
 If you like cars you will love this film!<br /...
 I am afraid it was a movie that you have to AC...
 Okay, enough. Every time I think I've seen a f...
 "The Lion King" is without a doubt my favorite...
 This film is a work of pure class from start t...
 Clint Howard, brother of more talented Ron, st...
 Sighthe stupid government once again attempte...
 Well, that was sure a waste of Dave McKean's t...
 A reasonable effort is summary for this film. ...
 This is an entertaining look at the Gospel as ...
 Everything Is Illuminated A young Jewish Ameri...
 I generally loved the Carry on movies but this...
 OK, this 'horror' film was meant to be a joke,...
 This is screamingly funny (well, except when B...
 After reading the novel which is about a one h...
 I thought the racism and prejudice against Car...
 Having not seen the films before (and not bein...
 Hey, I'm a fan of so-bad-so-good movies but th...
 I get teased all the time by family and friend...
 Over 21 the film version of the Ruth Gordon pl...
 This movie would receive a much higher vote fr...
 For anyone who has only seen Disney Production...
 **SPOILERS** Simple movie about simple people ...
 I grew up watching this series. I was about se...
 Diane Lane is beautiful and sexy, and Tuscany ...
 This is the biggest pile of crap I have ever w...
 Skip Mission: Galactica and watch the original...
 Doris Day never lets a bad script get her down...
 This a lovely and charming epic fantasy with l...
 Where do I start? The plot of the movie, which...
 This movie is to Halloween what the hilarious ...
 WHITE FIRE was recommended to me by a guy who ...
 I tried. I really, really tried to think of so...
 The main criticism of AT THE EARTH'S CORE is t...
 Mighty Morphin Power Rangers came out in 1993,...
 I saw this movie with my family and it was gre...
 Richard Tyler is a little boy who is scared of...
 After watching this movie on a boring Saturday...
 I got some free tickets via the Times to see t...
 This film is like a 1950-version of Ettore Sco...
 Typical Steven Seagal fare: that is, it's crap...
 As a history nut who is particularly intereste...
 (spoiler) it could be the one the worst movie ...
 Whoa, this is one of the WORST movies I have E...
 The original Road House was a classic cheesy 8...
 Just saw this at the Chicago Film Festival - a...
 Originally, the Spiders was planned as a four-...
 This is a good family show with a great cast o...
 Captain Corelli's Mandolin is no Oscar contend...
 Probably the first Portuguese film I have seen...
 I came to watch Guerrilla, part two of Steven ...
 After the debacle of the first Sleepaway Camp,...
 Some directors take 2 and a half hours to tell...
 If you're interested in learning about the 're...
 Nothing in this film interested me. I thought ...
 Martin Sheen, Michelle Phillips, Stuart Margol...
 After a fairly lengthy partially pixelated nud...
 I get the impression that I was watching a dif...
 No gore, no blood, no gratifying death scenes....
 I consider myself a huge horror movie fan. One...
 TV News producer, Jane Craig (Hunter) meets To...
 There are a whole lot of movies, primarily fro...
 Watched both parts twice. Enjoyed the story an...
 Going by the good words of my friends, I hired...
 a fine romantic comedy. errol flynn shows what...
 Last year we were treated to two movies about ...
 I honestly can't believe what passes for enter...
 Michelle Pfeiffer is ideally cast as the frust...
 this is the worst movie ive ever seen. And i h...
 When Samantha Eggar (as Phyllis Dietrickson) a...
 Fantastic film! Wow - this is really a treat. ...
 This is by far the most vapid, idiotic, insane...
 Possibly the best John Travolta role ever. Sat...
 In New York, the family man dentist Alan Johns...
 Korea's answer to "I Know What You Did Last Su...
 What a complete piece of trash. Plot notwithst...
 All these reviewers are spot on. I've seen man...
 I watched "Deadly Voyage" because David Suchet...
 A lot of actors have a multitude of good movie...
 Disney-like entertainment with some un-Disney-...
 In the early to mid 1970's, Clifford Irving pr...
 This film is a mediocre, low-budget flick. I'v...
 Take the secret agent / James Bond craze of th...
 North Africa in the 1930's. To a small Arab to...
 This is a horrible movie. All three stories ar...
 Unhinged follows the typical plot of the early...
 Short synopsis <br /><br />This film opens wit...
 There was absolutely nothing in this film that...
 I was never in the past interested in this pla...
 Although I have rarely flown myself, I am keen...
 Perhaps more than many films, this one is not ...
 How they got Al Pacino to play in this movie i...
 At times when I watch this movie i start to th...
 This long winded film turns out to be less abo...
 There are often badly-matched couples (in the ...
 The production year says it all. The movie is ...
 a great movie, with a rather unclear political...
 Robert Taylor and Stewart Granger switch the g...
 Dennis Patrick plays a man who accidentally ki...
 'The Vampire Bat' is definitely of interest, b...
 what happened to Mathew Modine's career??? i c...
 Final Score (an average of various classic cin...
 This good-guy-vs-the-evil-tyrant story, set in...
 Can't say this wasn't made well. At a recent f...
 I must say THIS IS THE BEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER ...
 Sure, the history in this movie was "Hollywood...
 The other reviewer was completely correct abou...
 The Good Earth is not a great film by any mean...
 This is another one of those 'humans vs insect...
 "One shot, one kill, no exceptions." A must se...
 The Concorde ... Airport '79 starts in Washing...
 I thought "What's New Scooby-Doo" was pretty b...
 When you watch a Seagal movie, you expect good...
 I am surprised that so many viewers didn't fin...
 I must say that this has to be the best docume...
 I saw this movie for the first time on a sick ...
 For animation buffs it's a must, but even gene...
 The most beautiful film. If one is looking for...
 Both Disney and Bill Paxton did a fine job in ...
 This movie is so bad it's almost good. Bad sto...
 This film is about a party put together by the...
 They really can't get stupider than this film ...
 Following his role in the fine caper SEVEN THI...
 Two years after 'Airplane!' took off, Jim Abra...
 Awful, awful, awful.<br /><br />A condescendin...
 The story is somewhat stilted, what with the m...
 This is my FAVORITE ALL time movie. It used to...
 Another fabulous movie from Catherine Breillat...
 If they gave out awards for the most depraved ...
 This movie was extremely boring. It should lea...
 <br /><br />This movie is full of references. ...
 Shiner, directed by Christian Calson, centers ...
 One of the most pleasant surprises of this ear...
 I admit - I was lured to this one from the hyp...
 I've seen this movie at theater when it first ...
 This is a confused and incoherent mess of inte...
 It would be quite easy to make this movie soun...
 12 year old Arnald Hillerman accidentally kill...
 sorry, sorry but sorry. nice, very nice produc...
 A few years ago I saw this remake of the sixti...
 Funny thing. Charlie Sheen, Donald Sutherland,...
 This is a terrible movie that only gets worse ...
 It really was that bad. On a par with the (mer...
 I'm giving it a three instead of the lower num...
 This movie is hilarious! I watched it with my ...
 This (allegedly) based-on-a-true story TV movi...
 The films of the Science Fiction Channel ( Sci...
 I was very unimpressed with Cinderella 2 and J...
 I was lucky enough to see a test screening of ...
 I'm sorry, but "Star Wars Episode 1" did not d...
 Was a college acting class exercise filmed and...
 I enjoyed the acting in this movie. Except for...
 I never saw the original 1954 version with Jud...
 Poor old Robert Taylor. Other than THE FEDS, n...
 There are two points I need to make clear righ...
 I just saw this movie last night, and after re...
 The Matador is a strange film. Its main charac...
 **SPOILERS** I rented "Tesis" (or "Thesis" in ...
 This movie does have some great noirish/neorea...
 The other lowest-rating reviewers have summed ...
 Adventures in Dinosaur City, though a creative...
 Interesting premise; interestingly worked out;...
 ... Bad at being intentionally bad...<br /><br...
 I have just written a comment to "ACES HIGH" (...
 this is the only movie i have ever walked out ...
 If the writer/director is reading this (and I ...
 This film lingered and lingered at a small mov...
 OK, I am a sucker. I loved it. I had no expect...
 Don't see this movie! It's... repulsive! The s...
 Ah, how refreshing to see a vision of 18th cen...
 This film is bad. It's filled with glaring plo...
 This movie provided NOTHING new or worthwhile....
 This has to be one of the funniest movies I've...
 I had seen this film many years ago and it had...
 I enjoyed this film far more than anything had...
 Thursday June 9, 6:45pm Broadway Performance H...
 This film show peoples in the middle of the ho...
 Why does the poster & artwork say "Clubbed is ...
 I loved this movie! It's truly bizarre, extrem...
 I've spent a year deployed in Iraq, and amongs...
 I think it's time John Rambo move on with his ...
 This movie pops up now and again on the ABC in...
 What can have been on Irene Dunne's mind when ...
 <br /><br />As a Harold Lloyd fan, i agree wit...
 Excellent plot within a plot within a plot. Sh...
 Whoever wrote the screenplay for this movie ob...
 This movie has everything typical horror movie...
 If you "been there" and "done that" you will a...
 As many of the other comments I have read have...
 The war at home is a splendid television serie...
 Pertty Kiran comes back to home after completi...
 This movie is a good example of the extreme la...
 The reason this is such a bad movie is because...
 I love Morgan Freeman. Paz Vega is an attracti...
 i love this TV series so much. it contains ani...
 I have been looking for this movie for so many...
 For one used to the comedies on television now...
 Bear in mind, any film (let alone documentary)...
 I was wandering through my local library, brow...
 I really enjoy this particular production of "...
 I can only believe that Garson Kanin must have...
 i have lost count as to how many times i have ...
 If a movie can't hold your interest in the fir...
 Army private Gene Kelly, who's also a talented...
 This was one of the few Norwegian movies I act...
 **Possible Spoilers**\tFrom Dreamworks and dir...
 A very good movie about anti-semitism near the...
 If this guy can make a movie, then I sure as h...
 I have to say that this was not very exciting ...
 This movie is about 3 stories put together rev...
 An Epic Story of Hope constrained by budget an...
 This film came recommended as a good action fi...
 This is so bad, so very very bad. The acting i...
 ***MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS****<br /><br />I was s...
 It's difficult to find anything worth of prais...
 Whoever wrote the "nice" post about this must ...
 The Underground Comedy Movie, is possibly the ...
 Being a huge fan of Bergman I had to search li...
 For all those bewildered by the length and pac...
 I was looking forward to Kathryn Bigelow's mov...
 i read the book "7 years in Tibet" from Heinri...
 I had never seen Richard Thomas play a bad guy...
 I as a Christian am outraged after seeing just...
 People, please don't bother to watch this movi...
 The only possible way to enjoy this flick is t...
 I never seem to write a review on IMDb unless ...
 This movie is a cringe-fest of bad acting and ...
 In trying to keep up with the hipness of youth...
 This rubber monsters failed trying to be cool,...
 I saw this episode of Masterpiece Theatre and ...
 This movie is so daring it doesn't attempt to ...
 A sweet and totally charming film, Shall We Da...
 ...don't watch it. Here's a hint: tune in to t...
 Saw it at UCSB's reel loud festival and was *s...
 Billed as a kind of sequel to The Full Monty, ...
 A question immediately arises in this extremel...
 i just saw this movie on TNT and let me tell y...
 OK, if you are a fan of Mystery Science Theate...
 First of all, don't go into Revolver expecting...
 No cinematic achievements here, however that's...
 I, like many this evening braved the frigid wi...
 Up And Coming was a very positive sitcom, whic...
 When robot hordes start attacking major cities...
 Hello everyone, This is my first time posting ...
 For me this is a good series. I am kind of dis...
 I have probably seen this movie over fifty tim...
 The writers probably had no experience in the ...
 What can I say that hasn't been said about "Th...
 The Ladies Man is a funny movie. There's not m...
 Well, sorry for the mistake on the one line su...
 Telemundo should definitely consider making a ...
 While the prominent and over use of the play-l...
 OK, first a correction to the tag posted on th...
 When The Spirits Within was released, all you ...
 This is what Disney Channel shows to kids who ...
 Who knew? Dowdy Queen Victoria, the plump Mona...
 During the Sci-Fi TZ marathon of January 31, 1...
 I wrote spoiler alert, but there's not really ...
 I believe John Houston's "The Dead" is a true ...
 Contrary to what those who hate Christianity, ...
 Put aside a Dr. House repeat that I had missed...
 Simply put, this is a simplistic and one dimen...
 This film is about Xavier, an Erasmus exchange...
 It started out slow after an excellent animate...
 'Bloody Birthday' is an odd and, at times, hum...
 This tiresome, plodding Las Vegas casino heist...
 I could write a big enough comment on any one ...
 The concept of the legal gray area in Love Cri...
 Everyone has their choice for "worst movie the...
 Like some of the other reviewers have alluded ...
 This movie certainly deserves to be placed wit...
 You know you're watching softcore with the wro...
 This Book-based movie is truly awful, and a bi...
 Do not rent this movie. I ended up buying the ...
 On March 17, 1974, a man is found dead in the ...
 Like "My Sassy Girl", this movie is based on a...
 Please, If you're thinking about renting this ...
 If Daphne Du Maurier had set REBECCA in 1950s ...
 Yes, at times "Unconditional Love" overwhelms ...
 Pleasant, diverting and charming. The best par...
 As a kid, this movie scared me green. As an ad...
 Critics need to review what they class as a qu...
 This is a great show, and will make you cry, t...
 The only redeeming scene in this movie is when...
 This noir may not be the best remembered film ...
 Wow, this is very unusual in one regard: usual...
 This film is a true and historical film. It is...
 Given Christopher Nolan's string of successful...
 I'm an atheist. To me history and truth mean a...
 Evil Behind You, was created for a specific pu...
 The only problem with Married to the Mob is th...
 "Fraidy Cat", the 4th of these cartoons, is a ...
 Albert Pyun presents his vision of the lost ci...
 Why oh why do people take good material and fe...
 When watching little man , you'll spend its ru...
 This is the first of "The Complete Dramatic Wo...
 I saw this little magnum opus for the first ti...
 You can't take this movie seriously.....the pl...
 "Ideas are dangerous." Comment by one intervie...
 I watched about the first 30 - 40 minutes of t...
 "White Noise" had potential to be one of the m...
 Sadly, every single person I ask about this se...
 What a perfect example of "Less Is More..." Ku...
 <br /><br />`The Last Frontier' is a superior ...
 I watched the first 10 minutes of this show I ...
 This is a great movie but there could be more ...
 This Academy Award winning short film can rank...
 A Jane Smiley novel, loosely based on Shakespe...
 What a crap that movie is. The script is simpl...
 Cinderella takes me back, when I was a little ...
 If you are a fan of Altman's large ensemble ca...
 hello boys and girls... this isn't your regula...
 I just discovered this obscure '70s horror mov...
 Why spend a moment slogging through this awkwa...
 I got to see this on the plane to NZ last week...
 This movie is now my gauge against which all o...
 I don't think a movie like this would be relea...
 This film was abysmal. and not in the good way...
 The film opens with Bill Coles (Melvyn Douglas...
 I love a cute heartfelt movie with a happy end...
 However closely the movie is to the comics, it...
 Sean, you know I think that you are absolutely...
 America's next top model is a good show, it he...
 I'm sure I saw FUTURE KILL for the same reason...
 This anime seriously rocked my socks. When the...
 I first saw the live musical at the Denver Cen...
 Actually, I am not narrating the main plot in ...
 I rented this movie primarily because it had M...
 Begotten.The magic.The Terror.The slight bored...
 Very rarely does Denzil Washington make a bad ...
 Mendez and Marichal have provided us with a se...
 I was one of many that expected to see a glori...
 I rented this movie because it sounded pretty ...
 When I first heard of this movie, I was mildly...
 The supposed writer and director Mr.Dhawan has...
 This hodge-podge adapted from a Gore Vidal nov...
 Okay, so I'm Singaporean and I would like to s...
 "The Kennel Murder Case" starts off at a run a...
 Well well, I had seen a lot of reviews on this...
 I purchased this DVD recently and I was totall...
 Horrible acting with the worst special f/x I'v...
 The film deals with universal themes, mentioni...
 I must say, this movie has given me a dual per...
 Yes, this gets the full ten stars. It's plain ...
 This show is really great. It's smart.It's fun...
 As in Amelie, recent French films seem to be t...
 Nothing dull about this movie, which is held t...
 What a film. Quite possibly the best I've ever...
 I first saw this film as a young boy and recen...
 This film was slow but tedious and the acting ...
 This is the best Chinese movie I have ever see...
 Jane Porter's former love interest Harry Holt(...
 with this ABC family attempt of the hit blockb...
 I have seen this movie many times and each tim...
 I can't imagine anyone would ever, in a millio...
 Very few so called "remakes" can be as good as...
 This movie is a must for all people that enjoy...
 An expedition led by hunky Captain Storm (Mark...
 A dreamy, stunningly atmospheric film takes pl...
 Does anyone else think that "Reba" is basicall...
 ''Ranma ½" is my favorite anime by Rumiko Taka...
 Blue ribbon banners, stars and stripes forever...
 I used to watch this too at junior school in P...
 This film has renewed my interest in French ci...
 This 2004 Oscar nominee is a very short b/w fi...
 Now, for all of the cinematographical buffs ou...
 I obtained this little piece of scuzz on the V...
 As I sat watching this episode I kept glancing...
 This is a really good flick with awesome humor...
 What would it be like to be accused of being a...
 This is the magnum opus from the Swedish king ...
 This is a treat for fans of Z-grade movies. He...
 Even my five year old was bored.<br /><br />Ve...
 The movie is great for Venezuelan tourism, bir...
 It is a tricky thing to play a queen. On the o...
 Hynkel, dictator of Tomania, is a spoiled chil...
 I saw this film when it was originally release...
 I don't normally write reviews, in fact, I nev...
 Oh Mr. Carell! How far you've fallen! After a ...
 If you want to know the real story of the Wend...
 This movie kinda let me down. It seemed a lot ...
 "The House That Dripped Blood" is one of the b...
 I went to this movie expecting a concise movie...
 This movie is terrible. A true hockey fan woul...
 I do not even want to call this thing a film -...
 Tears of Kali is an original yet flawed horror...
 My age: 13<br /><br />Keats, played by Damon W...
 Brides are dying at the altar and their corpse...
 I normally finish every movie or book I start,...
 I think "Anyway..." is a kick-ass movie. Reall...
 If you are looking for a sonic-boom-special-ef...
 Multiply named and strangely casted, "One Dark...
 I enjoyed the movie very much, emotionally, in...
 I was just looking up " who will love my child...
 It must be assumed that those who praised this...
 Most war films made in the US during WWII were...
 One woman, by herself in a house for 45-minute...
 I was a sophomore in college when this movie c...
 I'm going to spend as much time on this review...
 I've noticed over the years that when a rock s...
 This movie is one of the funniest I have seen ...
 A great story, based on a true story about a y...
 It's the one film I almost walked out of, and ...
 This is probably my favourite TV show ever. I ...
 The End of Suburbia neatly collects many of th...
 This movie is watchable, but nothing special. ...
 Normally, I wouldn't even stoop to viewing tra...
 Despite the high ratings given to this film by...
 Changi has a delightfully fresh script, acted ...
 if my grandma did films they would probably do...
 This film has some nice special effects, teari...
 Dear Friends and Family,<br /><br />I guess if...
 I only voted excellent because this film took ...
 Without reiterating what was said above about ...
 This film offers many delights and surprises. ...
 I realize that living in the Western Plains of...
 Peter Hunt started out as a very gifted film e...
 This is a delightful, they-don't-make-em-like-...
 'Thriller' remains the greatest of the pop mus...
 I consider Saboteur as Hitchcock's first "Amer...
 *What I Like About SPOILERS* Teenager Holly Ty...
 Hey now, I can't claim to have seen all of the...
 This is a wonderfully goofy example of a self ...
 This is just a great, fun, lovely film. It cap...
 I... No words. No words can describe this. I w...
 I read in the papers that W.Snipes was broke s...
 I recently bought this movie on DVD at a disco...
 I first saw a track from this DVD at a hifi sh...
 Why do I constantly do this to myself? I mean,...
 "Strangers on a Train" was one of those film c...
 Even though there are no new episodes, and it ...
 I've been watching a lot of cartoon or animate...
 Pink Flamingos: A Representation of Society's ...
 The Dekalog 5 may be considered a violent accu...
 Hello - I normally love movies. I'm 19, I have...
 Dr. Markoff is a mad scientist who is experime...
 I'm a true fan of the original Cracker series,...
 This was the worst MTV Movie Awards EVER!!! I ...
 One of the worst movies I've ever seen with Ro...
 Conrad Radzoff(Ferdy Mayne), a hammy cult icon...
 At first glance this gives the impression that...
 Going for something far away from the delibera...
 This movie was quite a pleasant surprise. I ha...
 Final Solution is a powerful christian film th...
 A pretty average movie but a brave one from Ms...
 The Ealing Comedies constitute their own speci...
 Good grief.. to think I've seen it all.. Danny...
 Loosely intended as a satire of D.W. Griffith'...
 A below average looking video game is turned i...
 More suspenseful, more subtle, much, much more...
 I could barely keep myself from either nodding...
 Another too bad the lowest they can go here is...
 This is a great story and was just the beginni...
 Some people have stated that as of the 11th se...
 Very bad film. Very, very, very bad film. It's...
 I share the same opinion regarding Underworld ...
 Stargate SG-1 follows and expands upon the Egy...
 Apparently in early 2005, SciFi Channel threat...
 This all looked quite promising. An up-and-com...
 Wang Bianlian is an old street performer who i...
 First off, the lead, Brad Dourif is a KOOK. If...
 Paul Verhoeven's De Vierde Man (The Fourth Man...
 This film is so bad it simply defies reality. ...
 Let me tell you something about this movie. I ...
 A 10 year old kid fed up with his parents argu...
 Would somebody please explain why anybody woul...
 This is the best made-for-TV movie of all-time...
 This was yet another big screen outing for a U...
 I saw Insomniac's Nightmare not to long ago fo...
 I would like to know who conned the producers ...
 "The Golden Child" was Eddie Murphy's first fi...
 Melissa Joan Hart shines! This show is amazing...
 There are probably more people afraid of the d...
 Instead of watching the recycled history of "P...
 I watched the Canadian videotape of this movie...
 yeah cheap shot i know, but this movie is a gr...
 This has to be the worst, and I mean worst bik...
 This one is just like the 6th movie. The movie...
 Am I the only one to think that this is a bad ...
 This is one of the classic TWILIGHT ZONE episo...
 Yes, the cameras were in the right place at th...
 No matter what anyone tells you, there is a me...
 I wasn't expecting a whole lot when I rented t...
 Sentimental and naive but undeniably affecting...
 Oh, those sneaky Italians. It's not the first ...
 Talk about false advertising! What was this do...
 This is a bit of a puzzle for a lot of the art...
 It's a rare sensation to come across a film so...
 I rented this film from Blockbust because of t...
 Wait till you watch this one.... I mean even a...
 I got hold of a discount copy of this. I had s...
 Have you ever wished that you could escape you...
 I wished I'd taped MEN IN WHITE so I could wat...
 The name Uwe Boll is automatically linked to b...
 this movie is the worst EVER!!! sorry but this...
 This movie is wonderful.<br /><br />I was 'enc...
 A great and truly independent film that hit mo...
 Have you ever sat watching a movie when 20 or ...
 This was not a good film. Poorly scripted and ...
 Definitely worth watching.<br /><br />Ten diff...
 I don't want to spoil the movie for anyone, bu...
 This is exactly the sort of Saturday matinee s...
 This is by far one of the best movies I have s...
 Not all movies should have that predictable en...
 First, I should say that I've seen the '39 ver...
 I've seen this movie countes times now and sti...
 My God, what an incredible movie it is! Remind...
 As a European, the movie is a nice throwback t...
 Recreation of 1950's (London) Soho and the up-...
 This is a short, crudely animated series by Da...
 this movie was fantastic great movie all throu...
 I was babysitting a family of three small chil...
 One thing about Hollywood, someone has a succe...
 I guess only a selected number of audience mem...
 Once again, there's dastardly government agenc...
 Guys, what can I tell you? I'm Bulgarian. I ca...
 just watched this "film" and it actually made ...
 I have been reading comments on IMDb for some ...
 Enjoyable in spite of Leslie Howard's performa...
 The use of the term 'comedy' with relation to ...
 Just bought the VHS on this film for two bucks...
 The most enjoyable parts of this film were the...
 An uninteresting addition to the stalk 'n slas...
 Hidden Frontier has been talked about and repo...
 I cannot believe that I wasted five hours of m...
 Damn, I thought I'd seen some bad westerns. Ca...
 ANOTHER great performance by Kiefer Sutherland...
 I wont take too much time here, just wanted to...
 This movie changes its way a third of the way ...
 Such a pretentious and lame attempt to hipness...
 I am so impressed, really. I expected cheesy g...
 The Evil is about a big house where a bad spir...
 I should've realised it was a sign of things t...
 I've felt that Rupert Grint has a lot of promi...
 This is better then the first. The movie opens...
 Gone with the wind is one of the most popular ...
 If an auteur gives himself 2 credits before th...
 A spin off comedy talk show from the creators ...
 The Scots excel at storytelling. The tradition...
 This vicious little film is horrendous. My low...
 Don't drink the cool-aid.<br /><br />This is a...
 ****Contains Spoilers****<br /><br />As a fan ...
 At first glance I expected this film to be cra...
 The '70s were a great time for horror movies. ...
 Ignore the comment before mine. The show is co...
 I saw this film via one of the actors' agents,...
 Surprisingly good film made in the wake of the...
 Bill Paxton has taken the true story of the 19...
 Two old men sitting on a park bench . I don`t ...
 A very delightful bit of filmwork that should ...
 This was by far the worst movie I have ever se...
 "The King of Queens" could be divided into two...
 Five years after she teamed up with James Cagn...
 In Brooklyn a century ago, the rivalry between...
 ROLL is a wonderful little film. Toby Malone p...
 Although I can see the potentially redeeming q...
 Director and co-writer Alejandro Amenabar didn...
 Count Laszlo (Ralph Fiennes) has just been tra...
 The peculiar charisma of Martin Kosleck brings...
 Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hof...
 After having read two or three negative review...
 And what is its genre? The backstage expose st...
 A very positive message for our youth is shown...
 This show was a really good one in many ways, ...
 this movie was just plain dumb i do not think ...
 A fashion designer trips over a cat and falls ...
 Just finished watching The Groove Tube which I...
 kite runner is undoubtedly one of the most ama...
 I see that the majority of the comments so far...
 From a modern sensibility, it's sometimes hard...
 "Houseboat Horror" is often regarded as the wo...
 I recommend that movie viewers if in the New Y...
 Fay Grim is the continuation of a story begun ...
 "CIA Codename:Alexa" is an absolute horrible r...
 A young Korean artist lives in Amsterdam. She ...
 For the attention of Chuck Davis and Emefy: I ...
 The movie was fantastic. If your a fan of Bams...
 As with many sequels, this one just doesn't ha...
 The Color Purple is a masterpiece. It displays...
 7 if you're a kid- 6 if you claim to be an adu...
 Unfortunately, this movie is absolutely terrib...
 I saw this movie primarily to see Brooke Burke...
 The inspiration for the "Naked Gun" movies cas...
 What could have been a good story was destroye...
 On Halloween a town is terrorized by a lunatic...
 This show reminds me of an episode of "The Sim...
 If you have never heard of Jane Austen, seen t...
 It's sometimes difficult to watch such self-av...
 Thinking that it could only get better was the...
 Though the movie may have been "true" to Lewis...
 I never really started watching the show until...
 From the upper shelf of great Classic Books, c...
 SPOILERS<br /><br />I love movies. I've seen a...
 Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau began and endin...
 My mom and I, rented this movie. I mean, we lo...
 Divorced lawyer Rick Magruder (Branagh) stumbl...
 Although I have definitely read this particula...
 Now, I realize that most people on here trash ...
 This old stinker makes the Flash Gordon movies...
 Caddyshack 2 has a dreadful reputation, due on...
 My sisters and my cousin(female) forced me to ...
 I don't like this film, but then I didn't thin...
 When I saw this trailer on TV I was surprised....
 Would that more romantic comedies were as deft...
 After reading tons of good reviews about this ...
 This show comes up with interesting locations ...
 I saw 'I Smell the Dead' -- sorry, 'I SELL the...
 I wish Depardieu had been able to finish his b...
 It is a good film for kids who love dogs. It r...
 According to the director this movie was popul...
 Anyone who knows me even remotely can tell you...
 I had never heard of Dead Man's Bounty when I ...
 From a bare description of THE TOLL GATE's maj...
 The story of Macbeth was one of the most succe...
 Beginning with its long opening shot of seemin...
 One of the worst movies ever made. Let's start...
 Good: Engaging cinematic firefights, great pre...
 _Waterdance_ explores a wide variety of aspect...
 The story was well plotted and interesting by ...
 I'll be honest. I got this movie so I could ma...
 I remember hearing about this movie and how it...
 While this is a faithful adaptation, it is muc...
 Really, I liked it. The premise was good, the ...
 What exactly do people expect when they watch ...
 This film is about two horse traders who agree...
 This movie is about Tyrannus, a gladiator who ...
 This is one of the best films ever made. It is...
 How is it possible that a movie this bad can b...
 I saw this film in a London cinema in 1975 and...
 This is an "odysessy through time" via compute...
 This is probably one of the worst "wanna be a ...
 This movie is just great... It starts out real...
 *****Classic ****Excellent ***Good **Fair *Tra...
 This is one of the worst movies i have seen to...
 Every motion picture Bette Davis stars in is w...
 It took me a while to find this movie since th...
 I'm not sure whether i like this film or not. ...
 A never ending frenzy of clever visual ironies...
 The characters are cliched and predictable, wi...
 After the SuperFriends and Scooby Doo left the...
 How sad it is when a film as wonderful as "Jur...
 This wonderful film is a love story, and shows...
 Almost the entire film takes place in a public...
 I saw this film when it was released to theate...
 I think this cartoon is one of the worst carto...
 This is one of three 80's movies that I can th...
 First off, I saw another reviewer said this mo...
 This film was positively the worst film I have...
 Ordinarily, I love these "Stranger Within" thr...
 Sam Elliot is brilliant as a tough San Francis...
 First of all, I ain't American or Middle-Easte...
 Green Street, as it was called in the UK, or H...
 After erasing my thoughts nearly twenty-seven ...
 When people nowadays hear of a 1940s drama, th...
 imagination must of slipped Jim Wynorski mind ...
 This is a good film. This is very funny. Yet a...
 <br /><br />This movie is best enjoyed amidst ...
 I thought How The Grinch Stole Christmas was a...
 I will just start with some quotes from other ...
 The setting and actors make this television mo...
 I'm not American, but Meatballs still really h...
 I´ve been able to see this great movie at the ...
 Reasons to watch the movie:<br /><br />1) Bo D...
 One missed call, another Asian horror based on...
 Yes, definitely better than my viewing of Deat...
 From the director of movies 'Last Seduction' a...
 I first saw this movie on MST3K. And although ...
 I was always curious about this film because i...
 A majority of exclusively made-for-video low-b...
 The story is airtight from the beginning until...
 How 'Thursday' managed to avoid attention rema...
 This is by far one of the better made movies a...
 Can Scarcely Imagine a Better Movie Than This<...
 -SPOILERS------------ I am a fan of 60's-70's ...
 The acting is pretty cheesy, but for the peopl...
 It is terrible! It is like somebody gave a kid...
 Edith Nesbitt's best book has been adapted int...
 Yes, you guessed it. Another movie where ident...
 I've enjoyed this movie ever since I was a kid...
 I'm sorry, I had high hopes for this movie. Un...
 This movie is retarded a cheap movie that trie...
 I was quite pleased to find this movie in the ...
 Emotionally insecure Tom Russo (Asbestos Felt)...
 On this 4th of July weekend it's heartening to...
 First off...with names like Fred Olen Ray, Bri...
 This is a pretty good documentary. I'm not a s...
 This is a really well made movie. Sumitra Bhav...
 I was not making big assumptions on the fact t...
 The United States of Leland was an amazing mov...
 Admittedly, I know nothing about baseball, I'm...
 After a good start, it turned out to be the wo...
 The over-riding problem with this film is that...
 In 1974, the teenager Martha Moxley (Maggie Gr...
 I have NEVER EVER seen such a bad movie before...
 when i read other comment,i decided to watch t...
 This is a classic B type movie that you'd rath...
 A ridiculous movie, a terrible editing job, wo...
 This is very much not the sort of movie for wh...
 Woody Harrelson and Wesley Snipes team up as h...
 There's a "Third Man" look to the shadowy B&W ...
 This is my favourite movie of all time. And I ...
 Well we definitely did see and I and many othe...
 Wow! This is the movie that should be shown on...
 Seriously, what is THIS? Hooper has made such ...
 SPOILER Wolfcreek meets Texas Chainsaw Massacr...
 let's value it.<br /><br />entertainment: a tr...
 What a trip down memory lane.<br /><br />Do no...
 I watched a movie called Dark Talon, dated 197...
 Kenneth Branagh attempts to turn William Shaks...
 Disappointing film with Walter Pidgeon as a hu...
 THE NIGHT LISTENER (2006) **1/2 Robin Williams...
 *some possible spoilers*<br /><br />Of course ...
 If only Eddie Murphy were born 10 years later....
 The author sets out on a "journey of discovery...
 The late 80's saw an inexplicable rash of supe...
 Nothing can prepare you for another lousy bimb...
 it was the worst ending i have ever seen if so...
 Honestly, Mr. Thalluri.... if you do a drama m...
 It's a tale that could have taken place anywhe...
 With nothing better to do I decided to check o...
 Really, REALLY... What pleases audience (ameri...
 I wasn't expecting a lot from a film directed ...
 I suspect there are several cuts of this doco ...
 A must see by all - if you have to borrow your...
 There are some Stallone movies I like, but thi...
 Not to be confused with the Madonna film "The ...
 The Wind and the Lion is well written and supe...
 "Private Practice" is being spun off the fairl...
 I really am shocked to see the number of revie...
 After too many bad memories, I took to skippin...
 Badland is one of the worst movies I ever seen...
 I think the Croc Hunter is a pretty cool guy! ...
 THIS IS BY FAR MY MOST FAVOURITE MOVIE IN THE ...
 Secret Sunshine marks the return of director L...
 You loose 100 IQ points just for tuning in. Th...
 "The Aristocats" is classic Disney at it's bes...
 This documentary is absolutely fantastic. I wa...
 This was the second Cinemascope spectacle that...
 I saw this film back at the 2005 Palm Springs ...
 In "Die Nibelungen: Siegfried", Siegfried was ...
 This is the kind of movie that wants to be goo...
 I saw his movie in Dallas, Texas when it came ...
 So many literary adaptations are disappointmen...
 I gave this a 10 because it's the best film of...
 I normally am a glutton for poor movies, but t...
 This is a reunion, a team, and a great episode...
 There is so much bad to say about this movie a...
 I hated the way Ms. Perez portrayed Puerto Ric...
 The film really challenges your notions of ide...
 Another movie from Swedish hillbilly country, ...
 This mystery/psychological-thriller is I think...
 The theme is controversial and the depiction o...
 Son of the Mask is a terrible movie. I don't l...
 <br /><br />Back in his youth, the old man had...
 Unbelievable. I never saw something like that....
 I really have no idea how to comment on this m...
 Didn't the writer for this movie see the other...
 This Film Was One Of The Worst Films I Have Ev...
 Contain spoilers! These guys are total scam, t...
 There was nothing else on tv yesterday afterno...
 Tony Curtis and Skip Homier both are wearing b...
 You may be interested to know that BARRICADE w...
 Ms Aparna Sen, the maker of Mr & Mrs Iyer, dir...
 The bipolarity of this movie is maddening. One...
 I own this movie. I bought it for $3.99 at a f...
 The famous closeup of their breakfast meat, cr...
 A typical Clausen film, but then again not typ...
 Since I'd seen the other three, I figured I mi...
 This really is the worst film I have ever seen...
 The original story had all the ingredients to ...
 Several young Iranian women dress as boys and ...
 Sarah Silverman is like a totally manic Zooey ...
 -surprisingly enjoyable movie <br /><br />-A g...
 Another try, another miss. France may be doome...
 "The Couch Trip" is one of those silly comedie...
 Bad, a lot a crap. It copied simone, also a ba...
 I discovered this movie on IFC, and I thought ...
 I am very disappointed with "K-911." The origi...
 The obsession of 'signifie' and 'signifiant' i...
 This is the single greatest movie I have ever ...
 I basically picked up this movie because I had...
 I do not recommend this movie , because it's i...
 There's nothing particularly unique or interes...
 Such pain! Pain in the shape that it had promi...
 Oh yes, Sakura Killers is a goofy, horrible ni...
 Okay, I'll say it. This movie made me laugh so...
 This movie is dated in so many ways, it's sens...
 Several story lines are interwoven here around...
 I am sick and tired of all these little weenie...
 As someone who was staggered at the incredible...
 Let me get the bad out of the way first, James...
 It is sad that some find this film worth watch...
 Zombi 3 starts as a group of heavily armed men...
 Very sadly, I can relate to this movie, as I'm...
 Sorry guys, I've already written my opinion of...
 This thought long lost flick sometimes comes a...
 Riding Giants is an amazing movie. It really s...
 While I'm normally a big fan of John Turturro'...
 As i watched "Wirey Spindell" i couldnt but la...
 This film is a jolt of punk rock fun, from sta...
 This is a really strange film--and that is NOT...
 Highly politically charged drama that, while b...
 Atlantis is probally the best Disney movie tha...
 What a wonderful film, filled with eccentric, ...
 From the weeks and weeks of promotion for this...
 This is the very first Three Stooges short wit...
 With all this stuff going down at the moment w...
 are you crazy or what? this movie has talent w...
 Nacho Vigalondo is very famous in Spain. He is...
 Since I'm from Norway (one of the top ten (or ...
 There have been many film and TV productions o...
 This movie was everything but boring. It deals...
 I heard and read many praising things about "M...
 This movie took my breath away at some points,...
 This game requires stealth, smart, and a stead...
 Chris Rock stars in this remake of Warren Beat...
 This soap is worse than bad: it's poisonous. O...
 When i got this movie free from my job, along ...
 I was very impressed with with this film which...
 This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a...
 If the directors/producers/publicists wish to ...
 Charles McDougall's resume includes directing ...
 Because it came from HBO and based on the IMDb...
 Cardiff, Wales. A bunch of 5 mates are deeply ...
 At least for a half hour a week. I haven't bee...
 Detective Sergent Vince De Carlo (James Luisi)...
 I too saw this movie when it first came out. I...
 This film would have put the typical Hollywood...
 The show was amazing and very professional. Ma...
 Most American remakes of European films are pr...
 This is an enjoyable project, that is not a fi...
 The fun that was present in the other 'movies'...
 Sometimes Hallmark can get it right - like The...
 Being relatively young, I didn't know how bad ...
 This is a very difficult movie, and it's almos...
 I saw this at a screening last night too. I wa...
 An executive, very successful in his professio...
 A sprawling, overambitious, plotless comedy th...
 I watched this movie last night, and let me sa...
 Ah yet another Seagal movie.In no less than a ...
 I watched this series on TV in 1990 and absolu...
 The film is nothing else than an exposition of...
 The movie was a long awaited release, which wh...
 What I loved about the on-screen adaptation of...
 Superhero movies pretty much always suck, and ...
 This is a great film. From reading other revie...
 <br /><br />According to reviewers, the year i...
 Greetings again from the darkness. This one wi...
 For some reason, in the late 70's and early 80...
 At first, I hadn't read the novel so far and I...
 Slaughter High is intrinsically your emblemati...
 It's very very funny. You know, just like a co...
 ... I am left with little choice but to employ...
 I've seen many of Guy Maddin's films, and like...
 The plot, character development, and gags in t...
 Being a giant monster fan, me seeing "Yeti" wa...
 Any movie that portrays the hard-working respo...
 Being a science fiction fan from my early chil...
 This is one of the best movies I have seen in ...
 For me, reviewing movies is an extension of my...
 Sam Mraovich should never be allowed to touch ...
 Since this cartoon was made in the old days, F...
 Recap: Simon leads a little team of special ag...
 A slasher flick, made in the early 80's, has a...
 With stunning cinematography and a thread of K...
 Once a month, I invite a few friends over for ...
 Rob Roy is and underrated epic of passion and ...
 Excellent political thriller, played much quie...
 This is a low budget Roger Corman horror/creat...
 Great little ground-breaking movie (in 1955) a...
 John Thaw is a an excellent actor. I have to a...
 Watched this months ago on Netflix Instant and...
 Most definitely the saddest movie I have ever ...
 The performances in this movie were fantastic....
 What gives this movie its personality is the k...
 Right this moment I am watching this movie on ...
 Theodore Rex is possibly the greatest cinemati...
 Depressing black BLACK comedy about a woman (M...
 This movie has some of the best dialogue ever ...
 We don't know if Darlene loves all three gentl...
 Neil Simon had a knack for dialog and nowhere ...
 I saw this at the screening at GenCon in Indy....
 S.S. Van Dine must have been a shrewd business...
 This could have been a rather entertaining fil...
 The creators of this movie must have sat down ...
 I expected FAME to be an uplifting film but it...
 The plot here is simple. Country boy, Lem (Far...
 The basic plot in this movie isn't bad. A lady...
 My husband and I both loved this film. At firs...
 This is an excellent documentary about Amália ...
 Priyadarshan's HERA PHERI was a nice situation...
 I love Monte Carlo and thoroughly enjoyed this...
 Los Angeles physician Tom Reed (Vincent Ventre...
 This movie is a definitive 5. I finally caught...
 I'm a huge lover of really bad B movies. And I...
 Now I myself had previously seen a few episode...
 This film started off really tense when a poor...
 First off, this movie was a wild ride the whol...
 well-made documentary about a sailing race, sa...
 Some years back, this film had been scheduled ...
 Two adventurous teenagers, best friends, take ...
 This trash version of `Romeo and Juliet' passe...
 I just loved watching it though and having fun...
 Like for most women this movie is the ultimate...
 Actually, this flick, made in 1999, has pretty...
 I first saw this on the big screen with my gir...
 The first time I watched this movie I was ten ...
 I read somewhere that Hollywood should concent...
 For years Madonna has tried to prove not only ...
 I saw this movie when I was about 8-years-old ...
 This film is absolutely horrific. One of the w...
 Hey Yall! The best drama every is now on Gospe...
 With the amount of actors they have working on...
 Deathtrap gives you a twist at every turn, eve...
 I've noticed that a lot of people who post on ...
 Title: Opera (1987) Director: Dario Argento Ca...
 Undying is a very good game which brings some ...
 You play as B.J. Blazkowicz, a US secret agent...
 The fluttering of butterfly wings in the Atlan...
 This was truly a great movie. I loved Dennis Q...
 I love Julian Sands and will at least attempt ...
 Most of the films I really like are art-house ...
 "Death Wish 3" brings back Charles Bronson as ...
 After reading both _River_God_ and _The_Sevent...
 This is one of those Tweety and Sylvester cart...
 If it were possible, I would have given this s...
 "Stealing Time" actually dates back to 2001 wh...
 <br /><br />This movie is só incredibly unfunn...
 For a while when I was in-between jobs I had a...
 First of all, let me make it clear. This movie...
 Full Moon High (1981) 3 of 5 Dir: Larry Cohen ...
 I'll admit that I've never seen "Waiting for G...
 One of the previous reviewers wrote that there...
 This movie i have been dying to see. Well it t...
 This movie leaves the intellectual mind thinki...
 How unfortunate, yet also fortunate, that two ...
 Sexy murderess Tiffany (Jennifer Tilly) still ...
 A demon, from a tree, removes itself in the fo...
 It is important to realise that Eisenstein was...
 This Swedish splatter movie tries to parody/im...
 I really enjoyed this movie and I usually don'...
 That's what one of the girls said at the end.<...
 {Possible spoilers coming up... you've been fo...
 Sure, you get to see some boobies, but if that...
 Atlantis: The Lost Empire has some of the best...
 "Nuovomondo (2006)" (shown in the U.S. as "The...
 I LOVE Jack's jokes like 'The cliché is...' or...
 Swoon focuses on Leopold and Loeb's homosexual...
 I absolutely loved every minute of this film. ...
 Again, like many other TV Shows, a certain act...
 This is yet another pseudo-intellectual "let's...
 Amazing acting, music. A simple and clear plot...
 Great Balls of Fire is the movie you show to s...
 This film was great.<br /><br />The plot was p...
 I am from Sweden and i have just seen this mov...
 OK - I ADORE this film...I will credit this mo...
 All I can say is, if you don't fall in love wi...
 where would one start a review of the film Sni...
 Two sisters, Su-mi (IM Soo-jung) and Su-yeon (...
 This is the most cliche ridden and worst roman...
 Was flipping around the TV and HBO was showing...
 My, how the mighty have fallen. Kim Basinger i...
 Midnight Madness is a movie that is unfortunat...
 The point of Wolfe's original novel -- indeed ...
 All the bare chested women in the world couldn...
 I was looking forward to seeing Bruce Willis i...
 Is it a murder mystery? Is it a police procedu...
 An unusual, revisionist western, well worth wa...
 Committed stars (Heather Graham) along with (C...
 I wasn't expecting much of this film- a fun li...
 A well put together entry in the serial killer...
 I picked up this movie because it caught my ey...
 It may be the remake of 1987 Autumn's Tale aft...
 Having low expectations going in, the opening ...
 This is definatley one of the best stand-up sh...
 I watched this movie once and might watch it a...
 I saw the 10p.m. showing and I must say that t...
 It takes a while to get adjusted to the sound ...
 Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga tetsudô Three-Nine)....
 What an awful show. Science Fiction fans seem ...
 Worst movie ever made!!! Please see the Real m...
 It's the single unfunniest thing I ever watche...
 Actually, I never bought into the metal was sa...
 Spoilers abound. You have been warned.<br /><b...
 I saw this series when I was a kid and loved t...
 I will leave it to my bettors, uhh, betters he...
 Recap: According to legend, the Valkyrie Brunh...
 When the folks at Kino Video assembled their f...
 first, someone mentioned here that because thi...
 Okay, let me start off by saying that, on the ...
 It hasn't even been two years since I first sa...
 Jeez, only in the 70's... Antonio Margheriti b...
 This is the worst hindi film I have ever seen....
 First of all, I firmly believe that Norwegian ...
 The TV announcer who introduced this late one ...
 [CONTAINS SPOILERS!!!]<br /><br /> Garfield an...
 The most bizarre of the cinematic sub-genres i...
 This might be the poorest example of amateur p...
 The cast really helps make this a pleasant sur...
 *SPOILERS* Four men, Ed (Jon Voight), Lewis (B...
 Darius Goes West is an amazing documentary abo...
 Island of Death is not really a good movie, by...
 I wish I would have read more reviews and more...
 I absolutely LOVED this movie when I was a kid...
 Violence whether real or not always has an imp...
 Unfortunately, this has been showing on Star M...
 I could tell this would be a bad one from the ...
 I really enjoyed this movie as a young kid. At...
 I rated Basic instinct 2 high, yet that movie ...
 To summerize this movie: nice for TV but too s...
 Such a highly-anticipated remake of a cherishe...
 This is a low budget stop motion monster movie...
 Melvyn Douglas and Joan Blondell co-star in "T...
 I remember when this was in theaters, reviews ...
 In this day and age of incredible special movi...
 I have to say that this movie was really quite...
 WHO'S GOT THE GOLD? is (unfortunately) the las...
 I generally love these 1930 mystery/police Cha...
 You have to see this. I could not stop laughin...
 There's something wonderful about a "revenge" ...
 Probably the worst Dolph film ever. There's no...
 Witchcraft/Witchery/La Casa 4/ and whatever el...
 <br /><br />Charlie Kauffman has made weird me...
 Born in 1946 I was about eight years old when ...
 WWE's last PPV of 2006, proved to be a hit wit...
 Personally, I think Kevin Spacey is one of the...
 The good news for IMDb is that this movie was ...
 I saw this dull waste of time on HBO's Comedy ...
 All those who criticize The Sopranos for its s...
 I had no expectations other than to be enterta...
 This film has made e mad. I believe the origin...
 Many people have commented that this movie was...
 This "movie" and I say this lightly, is nothin...
 This movie is poorly written, hard-to-follow, ...
 I realize that bringing a novel to the big scr...
 Saboteur is a 1942 film, partly aimed at getti...
 I can't believe I am so angry after seeing thi...
 Wow! Where to start?<br /><br />This adaptatio...
 I was looking forward to seeing Amanda Peet in...
 When you actually find a video game to be scar...
 I actually saw this movie at a cinema. At the ...
 I'm a Black man living in a predominantly Blac...
 I don't even know where to begin on this one. ...
 Having seen the uncut version, I thought this ...
 I'll keep this one quite short. I believe that...
 Blond main character, always believes in every...
 My family watches this movie over and over. Ev...
 In case you're wondering the buffoonish Loren ...
 The first official release of World Wrestling ...
 Somerset Maugham's characters are brought to l...
 All in all, don't expect much and you won't be...
 Of the thousands of movies I've seen so far, t...
 For connoisseurs of bad movies, Galaxina is a ...
 This movie was by far the best ever... I think...
 This movie was pretty much a waste of an hour ...
 I caught this on the dish last night. I liked ...
 The film was okay, quite entertaining. The cas...
 I honestly didn't think at first that this mov...
 This Hitchcock movie bears little similarity t...
 This has got to be one of the worst movies I'v...
 I'm a Christian, and I have watched pretty of ...
 I've described this film as surprising... this...
 Animated shorts just don't get much better tha...
 I took my 19 year old daughter with me to see ...
 This movie is really BAD, there is nothing app...
 I grew up watching Full House as a child. I st...
 I loved this movie. It is a very simple plot a...
 This version is likely available at your local...
 "Holes" is my all-time favorite movie! So far ...
 Deranged and graphically gory Japanese film ab...
 Hey now, yours truly, TheatreX, found this whi...
 Hick Trek is clearly a film that is envious of...
 I just have to say, this is one of my favorite...
 Not a bad concept.I just wish they had taken i...
 Dirty Harry has to track down a rape victim wh...
 I checked this movie out based on a favorable ...
 >>> Great News there is a BBC DVD release sche...
 This is possibly the worst movie i've ever see...
 All of the great horror movies of the 70's, 80...
 Mel Brooks has really outdone himself on this ...
 A film by Almodovar- sends a tingle down my sp...
 I LOVE this movie. and Disney channel is ridic...
 I hate guns and have never murdered anyone, bu...
 I had a chance to see a screening of this movi...
 This film looks great, and that's about where ...
 This is easily one of the worst movies I've se...
 Revenge on us the viewing public perhaps. I sa...
 THE QUICKIE (1 outta 5 stars)<br /><br />Prett...
 I don't know how this movie received so many p...
 I truly despair for womankind when they discus...
 Although I do not recommend this film, neither...
 This film is absolute cinematic genius. It has...
 I hated this film. Simply put, this film is so...
 as a retired USAF MSG (aircraft maint. spec), ...
 Some may think Imaginary Heroes is a movie exa...
 I saw this in the summer of 1990. I'm still an...
 When Sam Peckinpah's superlative THE WILD BUNC...
 Let me begin by saying that this remade versio...
 I hope this isn't a portent of things to come....
 Daniel Percival's "Dirty War", a BBC productio...
 One of the those "coming of age" films that sh...
 I bought this thing used at a video game store...
 What can I say after I say the one line summar...
 Before Stan Laurel became the smaller half of ...
 This plot had more holes in it than an OJ Simp...
 I usually really like Lawrence and being in Au...
 The creative team that brought us Police Squad...
 Peter Falk shines as 90 year old Morris Appleb...
 What a despairing film. Dress actors in furry ...
 This su*k! Why do they have to make movies tha...
 This is a movie that will leave you thinking, ...
 As many reviewers here have noted, the film ve...
 I knew the premise of this film, and obviously...
 For the longest time, I liked this movie bette...
 Some gorehound-friends recommended "Live Feed"...
 Blackwater Valley Exorcism is a movie about a ...
 ..Oh wait, I can! This movie is not for the ty...
 In another of the dreadful horror films I seem...
 Batman and Superman. Iconic. The better part o...
 Add pure humor + quick and unique sentences + ...
 Many days after seeing Conceiving Ada, I am st...
 How did this film get into the Berlin Film Fes...
 I made a special effort to see this movie and ...
 This movie does an excellent job of taking us ...
 Amateur camera work aside, I thought this movi...
 I vowed a long time ago to NEVER, EVER watch a...
 All Risto Jarva's films are worth of seeing. S...
 What is this?! Is it a comedy, a horror movie ...
 I just saw this cartoon for the first time and...
 AALCC informs us that 14-year-olds can be pret...
 American playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr. (p...
 I first saw Jake Gyllenhaal in Jarhead (2005) ...
 This horror tale takes place in the Namib Dese...
 This movie just stunk. I know that some people...
 This movie was a waste of the celluloid it was...
 One of the worst movies I've ever seen!!! Abso...
 This is surely one of the worst films ever mad...
 Jared Diamond made a point in the first episod...
 Although others have commented that this video...
 French horror cinema has seen something of a r...
 Jim Belushi is having a mid life crisis, nothi...
 This movie was terrible. It is not something t...
 Dean Cain, the one time Super-Man, plays Max H...
 "Comanche Moon" had everything going for it. F...
 Keenan Ivory Wayans is probably one of the wor...
 This was a pretty decent movie. This movie is ...
 shakespeare's plays have a way of transcending...
 I have some great memories watching "Robin of ...
 gone with the wind and scarlett are two differ...
 This is one of my favorite films of all time. ...
 This movie is a picture perfect action/drama/a...
 Isabelle Huppert is a wonderful actor. The dir...
 Well, EYEboy, I must say that it pleases me to...
 Duckman was a show that used to be on during t...
 Though predictable and contrived, not a bad mo...
 This was terrible, mean-spirited, and full of ...
 Ok, so it's an adult movie. But it really is v...
 As myself and my other half are big fans of tr...
 The interaction between Portman and Sarandon w...
 I'm not a big fan of musicals, but I was alway...
 This movie wasn't too funny. It wasn't too hor...
 This movie is just plain dumb.<br /><br />From...
 I just recently watched this 1954 movie starri...
 Alice Dodgson,a New York doctor gets her licen...
 Daphne Zuniga is the only light that shines in...
 Bathebo, you big dope.<br /><br />This is the ...
 When I tell people that I review movies as a h...
 This film centers on four criminals, locked aw...
 Dark Harvest is a very low budget production m...
 As a Czech I am very pleased when I read these...
 I rented this DVD for two reasons. A cast of g...
 Ah, here it is! A movie, which is said by peop...
 Your first clue that this is a cheesy movie is...
 If John Thaw had never played "Morse", "Kavana...
 So many people have taken shots at Platoon and...
 Lisa Grant (Adrienne Barbeau) is a real estate...
 Michael Jackson is not very popular in USA any...
 Red spectacles<br /><br />I loved Avalon, I th...
 I don't know who could find fault with a simpl...
 Yes it was a little low budget, but this movie...
 On the scale of 1 to 10, I gave this a 4. I th...
 Renting this direct-to-video film, I was not e...
 I never read the book. Now I don't really want...
 "Shinobi" is one of those movies that thinks t...
 The teasers for Tree of Palme try to pass it o...
 I've read comments that you shouldn't watch th...
 Near the closing stages of Baby Mama, one of t...
 This was really a very bad movie. I am a huge ...
 The only thing it has to offer is the interest...
 I have to admit I have always found it difficu...
 I have not seen this movie! At least not in it...
 "Hot Millions" is a delightful comedy that is ...
 A confusing, senseless script with plot holes ...
 Jack Palance,(John Witting), was usually a bad...
 I've been wanting to see this movie for a very...
 Bad Movie - saw it at the TIFF and the movie g...
 oh man, where to even begin.....<br /><br />dr...
 My first full Heston movie. The movie that eve...
 I rented this thinking it would be pretty good...
 Here's an excellent Barbara Stanwyck double bi...
 This has to be one of the most beautifully mor...
 I haven't read the source, Richard Brooks' nov...
 I am insulted and angry over the idea that a s...
 The history of TV to film adaptations are litt...
 I can appreciate satire that goes against my o...
 Nicole Kidman is a wonderful actress and here ...
 The atmosphere in this show is great. There's ...
 NBC should be ashamed. I wouldn't allow my chi...
 An extremely powerful film that certainly isn'...
 "Die Sieger" was highly recommended to be one ...
 Virgil Manoven is an old man who lives alone i...
 Ed Gein, one of the most famous serial killers...
 I actually belong to the demographic Zoey 101 ...
 While Boris(Aleksey Batalov)is off to fight in...
 a friend of mine bought this (very cheaply) an...
 John Carpenter's The Thing is hands down the b...
 Had a bad day? Dog bit the mailman? Car wouldn...
 I wanted to like this film, and certainly ther...
 By 1976 the western was an exhausted genre and...
 Horrible movie. This movie beat out revenge of...
 For those who like their murder mysteries busy...
 "Best in Show" is a often hilarious mockumenta...
 OK ... The end of this may be something of a l...
 This is how I interpreted the movie: First thi...
 Let's eliminate any discussion about the use o...
 First,I'll give my rating for the series overa...
 I don't know how or why this film has a meager...
 This show was a landmark in American comedy as...
 I loved this film almost as much as the origio...
 I saw FAREWELL TO HARRY at the Plaza Theatre w...
 Preston Waters is off to a bad summer. Besides...
 Cleopatra (the delicious Monica Bellucci) is c...
 I've seen some very terrible horror movies in ...
 I don't normally go out of my way to watch rom...
 You can do a lot with a little cash. Blair Wit...
 "Classe tous risques" feels like the granddadd...
 All the world said that the film Tashan would ...
 Good actors, good director, well acted, well d...
 "Silverlake Life" is a documentary and it was ...
 This movie was horrible and corny. James Agee ...
 A town in Japan is being taken over by a horri...
 A Cryptozoologist captures a mythical chupacab...
 Best animated movie ever made. This film explo...
 Yakitate! Ja-pan (translated as Fresh Baked! J...
 Movies seem to fall into two categories: films...
 Well, What can I say, other than these people ...
 More exciting than the Wesley Snipes film, and...
 What we have here is a compelling piece of low...
 If at all possible, try to view all five of th...
 ...but i expected better from Caroline Munro. ...
 I didn't know Willem Dafoe was so hard up for ...
 With a well thought out cast, this movie was a...
 If Bob Ludlum was to see this mini series, he ...
 *Contains spoilers due to me having to describ...
 This is a cheapy biography of a star of the bl...
 Andrew McCarthy played the role of an atheist ...
 Standard procedure for Swedish movies today se...
 Odd slasher movie from Producer Charles Band. ...
 This is the kind of film one initially selects...
 As a movie this barely rates a 4 but for movie...
 Kudos to Fawcett to taking on roles that, at t...
 This is a wonderful movie in a lot of ways. Ev...
 ...I cannot believe I was hooked on this show ...
 If movies where virtual reality characters com...
 **1/2 Elisha Cuthbert, Chad Michael Murray, Br...
 Christopher Nolan's first directorial effort, ...
 This is a very interesting project which could...
 At the end of the movie i still don't know whe...
 For those that were interested in knowing how ...
 I thought that One Dark Night was great! It de...
 I saw UZUMAKI about a year ago and was mesmeri...
 Almost certainly the best Three Stooges short ...
 Please do not blame Korea for this bad movie. ...
 Directed by Michael Curtiz, Four Daughters is ...
 That's right, you heard me. I am a huge fan of...
 Well,<br /><br />First of all, as many reviewe...
 This movie is very important because suggested...
 This is one of the funniest movies i've ever s...
 At first glance this documentary/fiction/carto...
 Three girls, the youngest descendents of the G...
 Robert Lansing plays a scientist experimenting...
 A beautifully photographed and paced short fil...
 Although this movie (and I use the term loosel...
 Although the movie was only so so the closed c...
 One of the most macabre, depressing, yet eye-o...
 Was this a comedy or was it a drama? I begin t...
 I've heard a lot about Porno Holocaust and its...
 All budding filmmakers should watch this movie...
 A disappointing film.<br /><br />The story est...
 this is without a doubt the worst most idiotic...
 Picture the fugly annoying goth kids from coll...
 weird.this is a TV movie,yet the rating on the...
 It is projected that between 2000 and 2020, 68...
 I rarely shut a movie off after the first 10 m...
 This reboot is like a processed McDonald's mea...
 There is nothing wrong with showing an old man...
 Yuck! And again I say...YUCK! The original ver...
 The only thing romantic about this movie is th...
 Italy produced a lot of really great and origi...
 This is an Arnold movie. Now that you know tha...
 Dolph Lundgren is back! Detention marks Dolphs...
 A horror picture set ultimately to parody but ...
 I loved it. Others have revealed spoilers, but...
 After the lush, inspiring aerial shot in fast ...
 I sat through almost one episode of this serie...
 The quintessential "let's get ready for summer...
 Great subject matter, director, and cast someh...
 I will give it a 3 just because it showed hist...
 When I was a little girl (and my dad owned a v...
 Have no illusions, this IS a morality story. G...
 This film should have been only 10 minutes. I ...
 A man in blackface lands in a spaceship and me...
 OK me and a friend rented this a few days ago ...
 I saw this film at the London Premiere, and I ...
 Best Years of Our Lives is a film that slipped...
 The story was disjointed, the acting was not o...
 The premise of this film is the only thing wor...
 Steven Rea plays a forensic scientist thrust o...
 In 1692 Salem, a devious child's lies about a ...
 The only complaint I have about this adaptatio...
 One of the reviewers here wrote: "Good acting,...
 Maybe some people may consider this a slow mov...
 Keep away from this one. The worst thing is th...
 I was not expecting the powerful filmmaking ex...
 The plot is simple: an American couple is in v...
 Two city guys are driving through Hicksville U...
 Too much stock footage (almost one third of th...
 OMG this is one of the worst films iv ever see...
 Watching this little movie is a sheer delight ...
 The Lone Ranger & Tonto set out to bring to ju...
 With actors like Depardieu and Richard it is r...
 I have not yet decided whether this will repla...
 I hated this movie. It was absolutely horrible...
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The ...
 You know that feeling of hilarity you get when...
 Bad acting, bad lighting, bad plot!! This had ...
 Strange but acceptable mob comedy that has an ...
 I saw this movie a few years ago, and man I ne...
 I was interested in the title and description ...
 Imagine a GILLIGAN'S ISLAND set in the African...
 I just want to say that I am so glad somebody ...
 This is definitely an appropriate update for t...
 After becoming completely addicted to Six Feet...
 It's hard to imagine that "The Battle of Elder...
 "One of Hung's better early efforts. The humor...
 There have been many movies about people retur...
 I'm also a SF buff, among other genres, and I ...
 I have seen "Miracles Still Happen" now at lea...
 Unconditional Love is one of the best movies I...
 this movie had more holes than a piece of swis...
 The following "review" is one from the wrong s...
 This film deserves a 10 for its brilliant port...
 This was my first look at this short-lived Bri...
 This is truly one from the "Golden Age" of Hol...
 There was a Bugs Bunny cartoon titled "Baby Bu...
 This is one of the best Fred Astaire-Ginger Ro...
 Okay, so I don't understand why people are get...
 Note to self- just because a film is foreign, ...
 Recently shown on cable tv the movie opens wit...
 Possibly the worst movie I ever saw. The perso...
 This movie is an idiotic attempt at some kind ...
 All Grown up had a lot to live up to and there...
 A Chinese scholar who criticizes harshly the a...
 I would put this at the top of my list of film...
 <br /><br />I have seen this movie many times....
 After the lead actress of the opera is killed ...
 This is an attempt, by both author Edgar Rice ...
 This movie had a great ensemble of adult actor...
 I saw "Mystery Men" on my birthday in 1999 whi...
 After seeing this routine by John Leguizamo, I...
 The sopranos was probably the last best show t...
 The audience sat in silence through almost the...
 This movie is bad. I saw the rated and the unr...
 The best thing about this movie was, uh, well,...
 I happened to catch this on community TV a few...
 Back to the roots with "like it is in heaven" ...
 The Night Listener is probably not one of Will...
 This was an awful movie! Not for the subject m...
 2/3 of this movie is recycled footage of the p...
 I have seen some pretty bad movies, and this i...
 I recently saw this at the 2009 Palm Springs I...
 I have to admit that I stuck this one out thin...
 Ignore everyone else's comments for this movie...
 I went to see this by myself first to make sur...
 Rented this one by mistake thinking it was ano...
 First of all I need to say that I'm Portuguese...
 This is a film that every child should see bef...
 In a movie that follows a struggling actor, pl...
 Totally forgettable. Specially because of the ...
 This 1950's howler is so bad it's unintentiona...
 During an eight-year stretch of the 1980s when...
 "Kalifornia" is one of my all-time favourite m...
 The only reason "The Norliss Tapes" deserves A...
 1st watched 2/16/2002 - 4 out of 10(Dir-Arne G...
 I had never read much about (or even seen stil...
 In order to pull off a job like this caper in ...
 Honestly, people who gave this movie a ten wou...
 The season finale sent mix messages, I felt fe...
 I first saw this film on cable in the 80's and...
 Low-budget murder mystery about a Public Defen...
 It's not a brilliant idea to watch Hundstage i...
 This is a snuff movie. I'm shocked it is even ...
 I recently saw the Broadway revival of "Blithe...
 I really enjoyed this movie. The script is fre...
 If you want to have a great time then this is ...
 My mother told me not to go to see "Kadosh" --...
 I have never read the book, but had always hea...
 An update of the skits and jokes you would hav...
 Steven Seagal appears to be sleepwalking throu...
 A very close and sharp discription of the bubb...
 This film was absolutely BRILLIANT!! Every per...
 I've heard about this documentary for so long ...
 Absolute garbage. The reason that this is so t...
 Oh dear. This sequel has a mirror, this time, ...
 Awesomely improbable and foolish potboiler tha...
 This James bond game is the best bond game i h...
 This movie is scary at times, perhaps no more ...
 If you've seen this movie, you've been to Puer...
 I really can't say anything bad *or* good abou...
 One of the more interesting films I've seen. L...
 I haven't been a fan of Madonna for quite some...
 I wouldn't go so far as to not recommend this ...
 My first opinions on this movie were of course...
 An absorbing (although repetitive and rather d...
 Musings: Pure delight from beginning to end. N...
 The first half of this movie is a pure delight...
 This is one of the worst pieces of cinema I ha...
 I know the people and I did some of the animat...
 I really hoped for the best with this one, but...
 The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secr...
 I love Movies that take you into them. A movie...
 I went to the movie as a Sneak Preview in Aust...
 I watched this movie when it was released and ...
 Anne (Natalie Portman) tells us about how much...
 What a horrible movie. I cannot believe i wast...
 The film is a gross misrepresentation of Ortho...
 A half-hearted attempt to bring Elvis Presley ...
 The Matador is a witty, dark humored and suspe...
 in his descriptions of CAA, platinum card lunc...
 This was a television show that I watched duri...
 Reed Hadley makes a better foppish Don Diego t...
 Another brilliant portrayal by Kiefer Sutherla...
 I had never heard of this film until I came ac...
 I found my tape of this long forgotten 'show'....
 I must say that I wasn't impressed at all, pro...
 I had high hopes for it when I heard that it w...
 There is a serious scene in this movie. A scen...
 If vampire tales are your cup of blood, then t...
 Thank goodness for the Coen Brothers. Their su...
 You're Dead is an indescribably awful attempt ...
 The incomparable Laura Gemser appeared briefly...
 After seeing this movie, I came to the realiza...
 Absolute grabber of a movie, and given its age...
 Is it a coincidence that Orca was made two yea...
 Scary Movie 2 was a grave disappointment. Simp...
 Random Hearts snuck up on me. Criticized for t...
 - Contains miner spoilers - <br /><br />I have...
 Ed Wood rides again. The fact that this movie ...
 Leave it to Braik to put on a good show. Final...
 There is not much more I can say about this mo...
 SWEET SIXTEEN (1983) **/***** 86 minutes Direc...
 I seen this movie when it came out. I thought ...
 I'm no horror movie buff, but my wife's nieces...
 i think south park is hilarious, and i have no...
 What a complete waste of time. The movie start...
 Wow. I watched One Night at McCool's yesterday...
 What can be said of this independent effort be...
 This is a copy of the 1948 Doris Day classic, ...
 My girlfriend picked this one; as a southern b...
 15 years ago, Power Rangers was one of the sho...
 This film is strange, even for a silent movie....
 This movie was disappointing. It was incomplet...
 I can't believe that Isaiah Washington and Ice...
 Dr. Krellman wants to save his son Julio who's...
 I love the episode where Jim becomes the Green...
 If you want to see what could be classed as th...
 I really enjoyed this old black and white talk...
 When you make a film with a killer-kids premis...
 I just finished watching this movie. I was ver...
 This has got to be THE worst Steven Segal movi...
 I chose this movie because I was looking for a...
 Post 1988 after the disaster GJS Amitabh's fil...
 This movie sounded like it might be entertaini...
 Thanks to Warner Archive, I can once again see...
 Although I enjoy Steve Carrell's work, Evan th...
 I'm a fan of this generally excellent though s...
 This is the story of a guy who went up to see ...
 This movie will not be considered for an acade...
 First of all, I'd like to say that I really en...
 The comedic might of Pryor and Gleason couldn'...
 The most irritating thing about "Dies d'agost"...
 Bingo is the game, bullshit is the name. Rarel...
 Big fat liar is a pretty funny movie. But as I...
 This film tried, but ultimately it was a waste...
 This soap is worse than bad: it's poisonous. O...
 There have been some low moments in my life, w...
 First, what is really great about this movie: ...
 Robert Altman's "Quintet" is a dreary, gloomy,...
 This is a better-than-average entry in the Sai...
 I have nothing but good things to say about th...
 And the title says it all: a cheesy sounding t...
 The horrific production doesn't qualify as a "...
 Radio is a true story about a man who did what...
 I and a friend rented this movie. We both foun...
 Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey is the sequel to ...
 I have seen this film only once, on TV, and it...
 Listen, I don't care what anybody says, as Cyp...
 This was, undoubtedly, the most disturbing mov...
 I saw this movie about 12 years ago and I can ...
 I'm sorry but this guy is not funny. I swear I...
 I had pleasure to watch the short film "The Cu...
 Me and my roommate got free tickets for a Pre ...
 Fay Grim is, on its face, a tale of espionage ...
 This movie purports to show a middle class fam...
 This film would be particularly fun for anyone...
 I thought that this was actually the best vamp...
 "Hotel du Nord " is the only Carné movie from ...
 This film is to the F.B.I.'s history as Knott'...
 Thanks for killing the franchise with this tur...
 Im not a big Tim Matheson fan but i have to ad...
 These two men went thru hell and beyond and ha...
 OK, so I gotta start this review by saying i w...
 This is the second Eytan Fox film I have seen....
 This documentary was very amateurish. It could...
 Ever wonder where that episode, "Tuttle," came...
 The Road Rovers was a great show about canine ...
 There was no need for this movie, plain and si...
 The acting is good, the women are beautiful, a...
 This film revival right march in a bad film in...
 This movie is one of those "WOW!" movies. Not ...
 An obvious vanity press for Julie in her first...
 Revenge of the Sith starts out with a long act...
 Let me start by saying that if you're expectin...
 This movie is one among the very few Indian mo...
 another eli roth in the making. self promoting...
 Suppose you've been on a deserted island the l...
 Nostalgia isn't always the best reason to watc...
 When I attended college in the early 70s, it w...
 This film is amazing, while not perfect by Hol...
 I remember the first time I saw this movie -- ...
 I remember seeing this film when it first came...
 The very first time I heard of Latter Days was...
 So Dark The Night poses a tough challenge: It'...
 Say what you will about schmaltz. One beauty o...
 Any Batman fan will know just how great the fi...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** It's easy to see...
 Have you heard the theory of cloning redundanc...
 There's not that much to say in the end. One w...
 ELEPHANT WALK may not be the acme of literatur...
 I think that the basic idea of any movie is to...
 First of all, even IMDb is slacking with this ...
 All I can say about the Necromaniac/Schizophre...
 <br /><br />Arriving by boxcar in New York Cit...
 Australia's first mainstream slasher film hits...
 Mickey Rourke is enjoying a renaissance at the...
 At first glance, this movie has got everything...
 Anthony Quinn was a legend of 20th century in ...
 I saw this superb documentary at the Santa Bar...
 Every now and then there gets released this mo...
 Wow. I thought this might be insipid but it wa...
 This movie started with some promise: big name...
 I debated as to whether or not I should tick t...
 This movie in away was super-clever. It's them...
 "The Godfather", "Citizen Kane", "Star Wars", ...
 Ever since I started visiting this site, and v...
 It used to be that video distributors like Sub...
 i was like watching it right and i was all lik...
 The Treasure Island DVD should be required vie...
 In the movie, "The Falcon and the Snowman", wh...
 This movie is a bad memory from my childhood. ...
 I saw this movie with some Indian friends on C...
 Oh dear. This movie could have been sub-titled...
 This isn't a bad TV movie. Shtrafbat is short ...
 I went to see Antone Fisher not knowing what t...
 It's hard to work up any enthusiasm for this a...
 2 WORDS: Academy Award. Nuff said. This film h...
 Personally, while I'm able to appreciate reall...
 This film is described as a action/comedy. The...
 Has Al Pacino ever been in a bad movie? His na...
 Having recently purchased Universal's Marlene ...
 Intelligent, nail-biting drama came out of now...
 You expect it to be juvenile but you at least ...
 This British documentary was recently shown on...
 If you took all the stock elements of a Shrek ...
 I have been watching horror movies since I was...
 I had always eyed Italian horror maestro Dario...
 The film starts out with a narration of the pr...
 This movie has beautiful scenery. Unfortunatel...
 there is only way to describe this movie.<br /...
 It's a shame this movie is rated PG 13--it is ...
 Great show! About time a reality TV show comes...
 Well let me just say something about these act...
 After a few lean years, 1968 was a pretty swel...
 First of all, the entire script is mostly impr...
 A far as B-movies go, SCARECROW is one of thos...
 I was "turned on" to this movie by my flight i...
 If they could get Ed Asner why didn't they get...
 Two stars <br /><br />Amanda Plummer looking l...
 A dull stroll through the banalities of Mormon...
 Not as bad as you've heard. There are actually...
 Istanbul is a big , crowded city between Europ...
 This espionage melodrama has a nice, almost pr...
 Hobgoblins....Hobgoblins....where do I begin?!...
 "Death Machines" takes a fairly decent premise...
 Not as bad, as it's credited to being (Hooper'...
 I'm currently slogging through Gibbon's 'Fall ...
 The film was written 10 years back and a diffe...
 For most younger viewers out there, they proba...
 This movie stunk. There is not much more to it...
 The story of a little girl who was driven once...
 The Devil's Men represents what turned out to ...
 I can't believe this movie only scores 7.4! Th...
 Pretty lame and awful slasher about someone ki...
 This is a great movie, it shows what our gover...
 I first heard of this movie after purchasing t...
 I've always said that there's nothing to beat ...
 Opening scene 'explains' why Hurt is later 'im...
 I'm not surprised that this film did well at t...
 One Night at McCool's wants you to think it is...
 Dr. Seuss would sure be mad right now if he wa...
 This...... Movie.... Is..... Horrible!!!!!! Yo...
 Interesting how much more realistic Brosnan's ...
 Welcome back Kiefer Sutherland. it's been too ...
 This is a very realistic movie. It's the most ...
 Honestly, this is the best reality show anyone...
 Moonwalker is such a great movie, from start t...
 It is a great movie if you have ever named you...
 1 is being pretty generous here. I really enjo...
 Well let me say that I have always been a Stev...
 CONTAINS "SPOILER" INFORMATION. Watch this dir...
 I own the miniseries on DVD because I love thi...
 A bunch of mostly obnoxious and grossly unappe...
 Charles Boyer is supposed to be Spanish, and h...
 This movie is so unreal. French movies like th...
 This was a pretty good episode. Though no "Tra...
 I went to an advance screening of this movie t...
 This, and Immoral Tales, both left a bad taste...
 Definitely not a film to revolutionize the ind...
 Before I start, let me say that my experience ...
 It's 2 stars only because they put a lot of wo...
 After going for a bike ride that day, lying be...
 "Pushing Daisies" for sure is one of the best ...
 Is there any question that Jeffrey Combs is on...
 Am not from America, I usually watch this show...
 Excellent film that reveals how people are con...
 I saw this movie last night at the Berlinale a...
 According to me, a movie can be best rated by ...
 Soon after this movie was released,Salman Khan...
 This movie was, of the 67 of 71 best pictures ...
 In all this dogma fuzz, please note that this ...
 Let me start by saying at the young age of 34 ...
 Oh, those Italians! Assuming that movies about...
 This is not a very good telling of the Tarzan ...
 For those of you that don't that reference, cl...
 This Peabody Award winning episode is one of t...
 A true Gothic Horror Trash Classic!<br /><br /...
 This movie was laughably bad. A friend rented ...
 Stan as a bullfighter, and a good one, is quit...
 I enjoyed some of the older Doctor Who many ye...
 Believe it or not, this was at one time the wo...
 I must admit I do not hold much of New Age mum...
 There's nothing wrong with softcore but this o...
 This is by far my favorite action movie. But w...
 Normally I'm not motivated to write reviews. B...
 A touching movie about a talented woman who st...
 A simple comment...<br /><br />What can I say....
 This is one of those movies in which people ke...
 Please Note: I see from the various posts that...
 This game is amazing. Really, you should get i...
 It helps immensely if one is familiar with the...
 I've gotta say, I usually like horror movies t...
 How to summarize this film ? it is simply impo...
 And a hard spot somewhere else. I haven't seen...
 I loved the original P.H. and was somewhat sat...
 Anyone that has see Tammuz's Child Eaters know...
 For those of you who've never heard of it (or ...
 Although it can be VERY tedious at times, this...
 Academy Award winner Robert Redford (Best Dire...
 Based on a Stephen King novel, NEEDFUL THINGS ...
 What I got was something better.<br /><br />Ju...
 ....You get this stupid excuse of a Child's Pl...
 This movie was very good. I really enjoyed it....
 After seeing PURELY BELTER I came onto this si...
 The plot was not good.<br /><br />The special ...
 CARRY ON MATRON was released in 1972 and it's ...
 It really is that bad of a movie. My buddy ren...
 A brilliant professor and his sidekick journey...
 Some nice scenery, but the story itself--in wh...
 This straight-to-video duffer is another nail ...
 This film is about a deadly poison that is con...
 Okay, what the hell kind of TRASH have I been ...
 I think it's a great movie!! It's fun, maybe a...
 This is a bit of a first for me, the first tim...
 * Some spoilers *<br /><br />This movie is som...
 This movie is exactly the same as Ridley Scott...
 Following a car accident, a mad scientist(Jaso...
 Tony Scott can make good films and bad, person...
 Five across the eyes ain't worth one off the w...
 The final installment in the Karate Kid series...
 It's not unusual that Hollywood likes to pump ...
 This movie is a hidden gem. I can't understand...
 I was looking forward to this movie. Trustwort...
 This 1955 heist film follows Tony le Stephanoi...
 I cannot believe how this atrocity managed to ...
 A film written and directed by Neil Young, "Gr...
 I'm still trying to decide if this is indeed, ...
 Attending this film was an excuse to escape th...
 Some films just fade away, but Tourist Trap ha...
 The scriptwriters, directors, and actors have ...
 The Monkees, surprisingly, are a big favorite ...
 (NOTE: I thought I'd be the only one writing w...
 The Grudge 2...Let's see. Don't get me wrong, ...
 I cannot believe I actually set up a 'season p...
 There is an awful lot wrong with this picture,...
 As I am no fan of almost any post-"Desperate L...
 I just watched this movie last night, and I HA...
 Creative use of modern and mystical elements: ...
 I saw this title again on Shemaroo. I also ask...
 When a group of dumb kids (including an unlika...
 I thoroughly enjoyed Carmen, better than Origi...
 This movie attempts many things but never real...
 I can't remember the last time a movie was so ...
 Words almost fail me to describe how terrible ...
 Based on the memoirs of Gypsy Rose Lee, who pa...
 i originally seen the flash Gordon serial on P...
 How did this ripoff of "Being There" ever get ...
 *****WARNING, MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS WHICH WILL ...
 I am Curious (Yellow) (a film, in near Seussic...
 I can't say this is one of the best films I ha...
 Unfortunately, this film has long been unavail...
 The movie uses random events of historical sig...
 This movie is not for those expecting a martia...
 Not quite a bomb? The only thing missing was t...
 It's the old, old story : kids have a party in...
 I just can't get it, freaks out on the planet ...
 Perhaps the best movie ever made by director K...
 Today I had a real craving for a sci-fi movie ...
 One of the great things about The Best Years o...
 i think that this film is brilliant.there are ...
 Okay. So there aren't really that many great m...
 The Stock Market Crash of 1929 and the Depress...
 This is most likely the best picture not many ...
 Harmony Korrine - hate him or hate him? On thi...
 This film is not morbid, nor is it depressing....
 The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael is bad ...
 I was thrilled to watch this movie expecting i...
 Tug-3 is absolutely right. Although I am sure ...
 Let me put it another way: balls. Or, how abou...
 ...through the similarly minded antics of Eric...
 Reading the book I felt once again drawn into ...
 Joel Schumaker directs the script he co-wrote ...
 This movie is a disgrace. How can you take one...
 Jon Voight plays a man named Joe. Joe is shook...
 Lordi was a major hype and revelation in 2007 ...
 Now that Che(2008) has finished its relatively...
 This movie was so weak that it couldn't even c...
 I don't understand why this movie has such a l...
 It follows BLOCK-HEADS and A CHUMP AT OXFORD, ...
 This experimental silent film, made in Switzer...
 Just about every commentator has mentioned the...
 A touching movie. It is full of emotions and w...
 I really like Miikes movies about Yakuza, this...
 ...as valuable as King Tut's tomb! (OK, maybe ...
 Saw this flick on ENCW last nite for the third...
 This film is advertised as a clever romantic c...
 Why do they keep making trash like this? becau...
 This is not a profound movie; most of the plot...
 "The Luzhin Defence" is, in the foreground, a ...
 This drama is unlike Sex and the City, where t...
 The worst movie I have seen in a while. Yeah i...
 Ernst Marischka, one of the most respected Aus...
 Those who love Elivra as I did in her late nig...
 I'm not here to tell you "Armored" is Kubricki...
 I've read the book 'Scarlett' and was expectin...
 RKS after the success of GHAYAL started work o...
 I think that most of the folks who have posted...
 This is a Laurel & Hardy comedy short with som...
 Set in the near future a dark stranger walks i...
 Flipping through the TV and saw that The Secre...
 I admit to having been a fan of the original s...
 This movie was a modern day scarface.It had me...
 this movie has a decent story in my opinion,ve...
 This 1955 Producers' Showcase version of the m...
 Hi folks<br /><br />Forget about that movie. J...
 Yes, indeed we have a winner- a winner in best...
 Oh the hilarity! Oh the joy! Another film that...
 You could see the final outcome from a mile aw...
 The only reason I know this film exists is bec...
 Now isn't it? Considering all the good work do...
 I have watched this movie twice in the past si...
 I just viewed Jean Renoir's wonderful film, Fr...
 The person who wrote the summary and rave revi...
 I have been watching this show since I was 14 ...
 I just rented Creep and was not at all impress...
 Such a BS movie. It's just some stupid anti-Ru...
 Hilarious, Sellers at his funniest ... a shame...
 There's an inexhaustible hunger for "basic tra...
 I am still waiting for years a new DVD issue o...
 I checked this out as an impulse when browsing...
 End of Days is one of the worst big-budget act...
 Friday Night With Jonathan Ross must have thos...
 "Metamorphosis" hold a tiny bit of cult-value,...
 This film isn't a comedy, its an expose. I've ...
 I watched this AFTER seeing "Death Tunnel" (th...
 Man would expect that a movie shot with an app...
 First - nick-623, Pearl Harbor was bombed in 1...
 A somewhat fictionalized biographical portrait...
 10 ITEMS OR LESS was made in two weeks on a sh...
 One of a few movies filmed at Coronado High Sc...
 After seeing Undisputed 2, I knew what to expe...
 this movie is practically impossible to descri...
 I saw this movie yesterday, and like most allr...
 Turned out to be a classy production with what...
 Entertaining Jim Belushi vehicle, a modern coc...
 I own this video as well as the concert versio...
 I saw that this movie was coming out and could...
 I just watched Atoll K-Laurel and Hardy's last...
 This is an extraordinary film, that tricks you...
 The way the story is developed, keeps the audi...
 This 'documentary' sheds absolutely no light o...
 This third Darkman was definitely better than ...
 A series of shorts spoofing dumb TV shows, Gro...
 One question that must be asked immediately is...
 Well I watched this last night and the one thi...
 I suppose that any novel that's as much of a d...
 I thoroughly enjoyed this made for TV movie. I...
 This is the second adaptation of Charlotte Arm...
 I rented this film to see what might be a bloo...
 Having read many of the other reviews for this...
 John Landis truly outdid himself when he direc...
 Tru Calling was good but it could have been gr...
 It was one of those late night "It's there" I ...
 one of the worst films I have EVER seen, but e...
 Yesterday, I went alone to the cinema, because...
 Along with having minor flaws to it, this film...
 What we've got here is a Situation. A man is f...
 This movie was terrible to say the least. I wa...
 A Turkish Bath sequence in a film noir loc...
 The movie doesn't take itself seriously, and i...
 An absolutely wretched waste of film!! Nothing...
 Dracula (John Carradine) visits Dr. Edelman (O...
 Every once in a while I will rent an action/ad...
 This film did not excite me. While on vacation...
 This is even worse than the original Game of D...
 One of the great tragedies of life is that Dis...
 One of the worst movies I've ever seen. Comple...
 This film is totally mindblowing. It manages t...
 This is a classic that will be able to hold up...
 ah man this movie was funny as hell, yet stran...
 I had to write a review of this film after rea...
 I missed the first 10 or so minutes of the mov...
 On the surface TMHS appears to be yet another ...
 Are you kidding me? The music was SO LOUD in t...
 If you find the hopelessly amateurish acting, ...
 After watching Desperate Living, I was hooked ...
 What I hate about this show is how poorly the ...
 There's been a spate of recent surfing movies ...
 Throughout this film, you might think this fil...
 With all due disrespect for this George Steven...
 It's interesting how the train of research can...
 especially when looking at the amount of crap ...
 Surprisingly effective British drama about two...
 I can watch a good gory film now and then. I'v...
 Horrible Horrible movie, i still can't believe...
 The only thing that makes this one watchable i...
 This movie was not only disappointing to the h...
 Fantastic, Madonna at her finest, the film is ...
 Aside from the fact that this movie was filmed...
 This is undeniably the scariest game I've ever...
 Okay, this film probably deserves 7 out of 10 ...
 Hi I have been looking 4 the soundtrack or a s...
 Alicianne (Laurel Barnett) becomes a live in b...
 Wow! In my opinion, THE NET is an excellent, n...
 Rabbit Fever is one of those film oddities. It...
 This movie turned out to be pretty much what I...
 Uneducated & defiant, beautiful TESS OF THE ST...
 Fun movie! The script is awful but the quality...
 Robert Duvall is a direct descendent of Confed...
 I hated the first movie is really boring and w...
 This movie is just great. It's entertaining fr...
 Time paradoxes are the devil's snare for under...
 I love this movie despite the fact it just mis...
 Good drama movie about a child custody case wi...
 By no means a masterpiece, and far from Errol ...
 This documentary is as unique as it's subject....
 That this poor excuse for an amateur hour show...
 TWINS EFFECT is a poor film in so many respect...
 ...but I've seen better too.<br /><br />The st...
 The movie was to be shown here in Bangkok with...
 You want to see the movie "THE Gamers" by Dead...
 This Night Listener is better than people are ...
 Excellent movie, a realistic picture of contem...
 This movie has some of the worst production va...
 I don't see much reason to get into this movie...
 I rated this movie a 3 and that was generous. ...
 Why is it that such "romantic" movies that nev...
 I agree with the previous comment, the beginni...
 Before I'd seen this, I had seen some pretty b...
 Shakespeare Behind Bars was the most surprisin...
 This movie got off to an interesting start. Do...
 Monstervision was a show I grew up with. From ...
 Not only was the plot of this film contrived w...
 This movie was recently released on DVD in the...
 Strange yet emotionally disturbing chiller abo...
 When people ask me why do I like movies so muc...
 I have an awful pan-and-scan videotape of "Boo...
 Enterprise is the entertainment, but it is als...
 I get tired of my 4 and 5 year old daughters c...
 You don't have to be a fan of the cartoon show...
 When my own child is begging me to leave the o...
 I posted on IMDb on this series recently, givi...
 This was an awful short film that tries to be ...
 Written by the excellent McGovern and directed...
 I already loved "How the Grinch Stole Christma...
 I don't believe it... Luc Besson is not only a...
 I saw this movie in 1976, my first year of liv...
 I was so looking forward to seeing this at the...
 Deepa has again tried to bravely bring out a s...
 The Good: I liked this movie because it was th...
 Very funny to watch "Beretta's Island" as kind...
 Weird with unnecessary singing and backdrops. ...
 If you are looking for a film the portrays the...
 It is rare that one comes across a movie as fl...
 Forgettable pilot that never really explains w...
 Dahmer, a young confused man. Dahmer, a confus...
 First of all, i must say i really enjoy watchi...
 For a low budget movie this was really good. I...
 You get an hour and a half of braindead i have...
 I just saw this at the Castro Theatre in San F...
 Do you like really inventive comedy or do you ...
 They have taken a story dear to the people of ...
 I caught this movie the other night on one of ...
 First i will say that i am going to be as subj...
 The movie is a happy lullaby, was made to make...
 Luis Bunuel has always been a filmmaker whose ...
 "Gespenster" Question of to be cool in the Ger...
 Although the plot was a bit sappy at times, an...
 Larry Bishop directs, writes, and leads this s...
 TACHIGUI: THE AMAZING LIVES OF THE FAST-FOOD G...
 Pluses: Mary Boland is delightfully on edge as...
 Simply put, there are two parts of this series...
 This movie is just truly awful, the eye-candy ...
 A brilliant portrait of a traitor (Victor McLa...
 Being stuck in bed with the flu and feeling to...
 I am a big fan of Fred MacMurray and Carole Lo...
 Angela Lansbury plays Eglantine a middle aged ...
 SPOILER NOTHING BUT SPOILER<br /><br />I have ...
 I loved this movie. It was so well done! Great...
 This is one of the best of the early "Star Tre...
 The message of this movie is "personality is m...
 Chuck Jones's 'Beep Beep' (so called despite t...
 This movie tells an amazing story with history...
 The video box for 'Joyride' says "starring sec...
 not a Larry Mcmurty masterpiece but it stands ...
 I hired out Hybrid on the weekend. What a disa...
 Perhaps the biggest waste of production time, ...
 It's the story of three brothers pulling toget...
 Michael Haneke is known for his disturbing mov...
 Spheeris debut must be one of the best music d...
 In this swimming pool, this pond, there are wa...
 On the face of it, this should be a great film...
 A Nightmare on Elm Street: The Dream Child<br ...
 While watching a mundane modern movie (The Run...
 OK, let me start off by saying this isn't a ho...
 It was an excellent piece to the puppet series...
 This scene shows how Wallace's experiment by u...
 In spite of sterling work by the supporting ac...
 Unfortunately this is not as good as any of th...
 Well what do you know, I was painting my house...
 If I could give this film a real rating, it wo...
 This was a very nice concert by the one and on...
 What a waste of time and money! My hubby and I...
 Wow...where to begin...picked this up at Big L...
 This is my kind of film. I am fascinated by st...
 This frothy romantic comedy is based on the ki...
 Reading some of the other reviews of this film...
 excellent drama. very dark. i have never seen ...
 By my "Kool-Aid drinkers" remark, I mean that ...
 I was more entertained by watching my wife alm...
 I don't think the number of blunders militaril...
 Perhaps many viewers who got frustrated by thi...
 I remember reading the original Balzac story i...
 I am an atheist with little love for certain a...
 "House of Dracula" is a good sequel to "House ...
 Eyeliner was worn nearly 6000 years ago in Egy...
 Rachel McAdams. Cillian Murphy. Wes Craven. Th...
 Sadly, 8 Simple Rules, for dating my teenage d...
 As an avid Disney fan, I was not totally impre...
 It'll be a blue Christmas indeed if you subjec...
 Yes, as the other reviewers have already state...
 I loved this movie and will watch it again. Or...
 till HBO began rerunning it this month. I reme...
 Partially from the perceived need, one feels, ...
 I really like this show. It has drama, romance...
 Sitting on the front porch of his Burbank home...
 I saw this last week after picking up the DVD ...
 A family looking for some old roadside attract...
 Truly, truly awful. I don't even know where to...
 What is happening to ITV Drama. First, "Losing...
 This is just as good as the original 101 if no...
 Probably one of the most boriest slasher movie...
 Let's see... a couple dozen Gary Larson gags, ...
 Watching this film today I got the feeling thi...
 I didn't like this Bill Murray vehicle when it...
 The movie Heart of Darkness is an insult to th...
 The opening 5 minutes gave me hope. Then Meyer...
 I think the problem with this show not getting...
 I just watched this movie last night. Within 3...
 Niagara, Niagara is a stunning and heartbreaki...
 It Came from Outer Space II is a very good fil...
 You might be a bit confused if you watch this ...
 i love this show. i hate when it goes to seaso...
 This reminded me SOO much of Michael Winner's ...
 Chris Kattan is a great sketch actor on Saturd...
 I recently caught up with this little gem of a...
 How can a movie that features the singing of C...
 I enjoyed this movie as a kid when it came out...
 "The Piano Teacher" is all about Huppert's cha...
 What distinguishes some of the 'Lone Star' fil...
 I can't say if "The Cavern" is a ripoff of "Th...
 I'm a fan of Get Shorty. This is the sequel fo...
 I rarely write reviews but this film simply de...
 As far as I know I've seen most of Lucio Fulci...
 You can call it a mystery, perhaps a small thr...
 The things that I find irritating on screen, t...
 Needless remake, and it can't come close to ca...
 There are so many more complexities to the plo...
 This was a nice attempt at something but it is...
 What a waste of time. I got about five minutes...
 The effect achieved in this story about a psyc...
 Straight from the brilliant mind of animation ...
 Once again, like Charlie's Angels, Inspector G...
 I wasted 5 dollars renting this complete piece...
 Here goes the perfect example of what not to d...
 Bone Eater is set in a small desert town in Al...
 The fact that this film was put out on DVD sti...
 Why this is called "Mistresses" is a puzzle, b...
 One Chinese gang attacks and wipes out another...
 I enjoyed "American Movie", so I rented Chris ...
 All Kira Reed fans MUST see this. The film's p...
 Since the Little Mermaid was one of my favorit...
 I'll probably get a lot of flack for hating th...
 Got the chance to see this at a friend's house...
 All Dogs Go to Heaven plays on the canine crim...
 In the third entry of the Phantasm series, Mik...
 This movie was horrible. I swear they didn't e...
 I watched this film recently on DVD and I have...
 I'm rather surprised that anybody found this f...
 Some of the greatest and most loved horror mov...
 And how it made it into production astounds me...
 Although Kris Kristofferson is good in this ro...
 This was a movie that could have been great if...
 A River Runs Through It is one of those movies...
 I went to see the movie because my boyfriend w...
 A fantastic musical starring Gene Kelly and Ri...
 A wonderful early musical film from Rene Clair...
 His John Dark-Kevin Connor fantasy adventures ...
 In it's time, this movie had controversy writt...
 Apart from the usual stereotypes of the thirti...
 If you are having a bad day,or bad week. If yo...
 This 22 minute short, short of a precursor to ...
 Firstly, let me make it clear that I love airc...
 Just kidding about the weight loss thing; well...
 I could crap a better movie. This is a waste o...
 I've always liked Barbara Stanwyck who was, pe...
 A stunning piece of art.You can watch every im...
 .. is the Princess Bride meets... well Trainsp...
 'I don't understand. None of this makes any se...
 This film makes you really appreciate the inve...
 I saw this film awhile back (while working on ...
 Holy crap! What a terrible, terrible Spanish t...
 It is fascinating how this title manages to sl...
 Where the hell are all these uncharted islands...
 This is a very, very early Bugs Bunny cartoon....
 Honest young insurance agent Ronald Reagan (as...
 Any fan of Russian cinema will have great diff...
 A lot of people don't think Dan Aykroyd is fun...
 A friend of mine who has a mysterious knack fo...
 In the questionable comedy vein of Mel Brooks,...
 When Jan Svankmajer lets his imagination run w...
 Jesse yet again delivers, after almost 12 mont...
 This movie is one of the most awful movies eve...
 Sweeping and still impressive early Talkie Wes...
 "The Hazing" is one of them films I always wan...
 Please do not go see this. I did have several ...
 The Lion King series is easily the crowning ac...
 The first film was quite hip and had amusing m...
 The cast is OK. The script is awkward at times...
 If you never have read the book and never inte...
 I find it hard to understand why this piece of...
 The One and the Only!<br /><br />The only real...
 Ten minutes worth of story stretched out into ...
 My husband wanted to watch this film because t...
 The film successfully gives a graphic portraya...
 Sure it is a new take on vampires. Who cares. ...
 I and my brother are very big Asian movie fans...
 Jake's Closet has the emotional power of Krame...
 The 1986 TV movie of The Spirit was a pilot fo...
 Give H.G. Lewis points: He managed to incorpor...
 I love the way that this game can make you lit...
 Although this was a film of only less than for...
 This film, though, critically acclaimed, has o...
 I saw this very emotionally painful portrayal ...
 Let's face it: the final season (#8) was one o...
 The first one meant victory. This one means de...
 I've just seen a couple of Episodes of "Eleven...
 A director and his crew head out to the isolat...
 I didn't think it was possible for a horror co...
 It is always satisfying when a detective wraps...
 I truly love horror films & try to give every ...
 This film is one of those nostalgia things wit...
 The opening scene makes you feel like you're w...
 "The Man From Utah" opens with a singing cowbo...
 As an avid fan of Cary Grant, I expected to wa...
 This movie had what sounded like a good premis...
 This movie is light, funny, and beautifully fi...
 Harlan Knowles (Lance Henriksen) brings a grou...
 This film is great - well written and very ent...
 In the last few years of Ron Miller's (son-in-...
 Yes, it's not a great cinematic achievement, b...
 I was half-dozing as I watched a late night se...
 All ambiguity about Michael Myers has withered...
 How unfortunate, to have so many of my "a" lis...
 One of the best movies for all ages. You will ...
 I saw this movie in Blockbuster and thought it...
 This movie . . . I don't know. Why they would ...
 Prom Night is about a girl named Donna (Britta...
 This typical teenagers movie is one of the bes...
 I recently got THE SEVEN-UPS on video and I mu...
 In these days of ultra-fast processors and the...
 The first collaboration between Schoedsack & C...
 The key to The 40-Year-Old Virgin is not merel...
 Munchies starts in deepest darkest Peru (looks...
 I have to hold my hand up and say that I was o...
 In what seemed like the longest 1hour 35 I've ...
 When I first saw the movie, I thought it was s...
 A group of people goes deep into the jungle fo...
 Polish film maker Walerian Borowczyk's La Bête...
 0*'s Christian Slater, Tara Reid, Stephen Dorf...
 Would have better strengthened considerably by...
 Many American pea-brains who worship and suppo...
 I went to this movie only because I was dragge...
 Karim Hussain's masterpiece of art/gore--this ...
 Geez, as a Gay man who lives in NYC I can grat...
 First let me say that I am not a Dukes fan, bu...
 I thought maybe a film which boasted a cast in...
 In terms of the arts, the 1970s were a very tu...
 I've been surprised by the enthusiastic respon...
 There is something about true stories that mak...
 This is a classic example of an increasing pro...
 Finally watched this shocking movie last night...
 Ladislas Starewicz's curiosity with insects an...
 Orson Welles manages to knock me on my ass wit...
 In 1983, Director Brian De Palma set out to ma...
 (spoiler warning) I seem to keep giving this g...
 I guess I was prepared after all the years of ...
 According to most people I know that saw this ...
 This movie was unbelievably bad... It's gory b...
 This movie, based on a true story of Gerrit Wo...
 I haven't actually seen a lot of movies with H...
 What a stinkeroo this turned out to be!!! At o...
 I only watched the first twenty minutes of thi...
 Only one thing could have redeemed this sketch...
 I found this a very enjoyable light hearted co...
 I literally ran to watch it, expecting a film ...
 William H. Macy is terrific in this Alfred Hit...
 My favorite "Imperialism" movie and one of the...
 Midnight Cowboy opens with a run down Drive In...
 I have to congratulate the genius who approved...
 My first thoughts on this film were of using s...
 After reading many good things about it ,i fin...
 Don't be fooled by the silly title folks, this...
 Six students at a convent do the unthinkable -...
 I went into this movie with very little in ter...
 The worst movie ever made. If anyone asks you ...
 When going to see Rendition, I was expecting a...
 This movie is such a piece of unbelievable cra...
 I love Japanese movies--having seen at least 1...
 I have one word to someup this movie, WOW! I s...
 Director Ron Atkins is certifiably insane. Thi...
 There seem to have been any number of films li...
 Love this film also. Saw it when it was first ...
 Marlene Gorris has established herself as one ...
 This documentary makes you travel all around t...
 A holiday on a boat, a married couple, an angr...
 I also saw this movie at a local screening abo...
 There's so many negative reviews about "Stay a...
 If you have ever shopped at Wal-Mart, then you...
 The scenes are fast-paced. the characters are ...
 When a BBC murder thriller is this rife with h...
 "My Left Foot" is a pretty impressive film tha...
 This movie is very modern and forward. It is a...
 IMDb lists this as 1972 for some reason, but t...
 Why Lori Petty was cast as tank girl, I'll nev...
 A real classic. A shipload of sailors trying t...
 Okay, I think we're all agreed that Michael Ja...
 This is a terrible film, and not one scene has...
 Truly awful nonsensical garbage. This movie do...
 It's unlikely that anyone except those who ado...
 I don't know how expensive was the creation of...
 I thought this was a wonderful movie. It touch...
 TV does influence society...just look at the s...
 1st watched 5/17/2002 - 3 out of 10(Dir-Ewald ...
 Since I am not a big Steven Seagal fan, I thou...
 Ho, ho, homicidal maniac! This spirited tour-d...
 I cant go for long describing this tittle, sim...
 I know it is fashionable now to hate this movi...
 As an adventure mini-series, this is about as ...
 Like many western Pennsylvania history buffs, ...
 I would probably not have bothered to comment ...
 There are so many stupid moments in 'Tower of ...
 This movie is a rather odd mix of musical, rom...
 Director Michael Ritchie and actor Robert Redf...
 Most people (36) gave this movie a 10 and thos...
 I fell in love with Emily Watson in Breaking t...
 Have you ever wondered why these guys -- Seaga...
 'Succubus', the edited version of 'Necronomico...
 Bruce Almighty is the best Jim Carrey work sin...
 A memorable line from a short lived show. Afte...
 This review contains a SPOILER---<br /><br />T...
 This was an interesting movie. I could have do...
 In short, this movie is a declaration of artis...
 A few years ago, while I was renting some movi...
 In a better civilization, this and many other ...
 In moments of desperation were willing to do w...
 Nice to see a comedy for grown ups. Masterfull...
 Working from a script written in part by Nicho...
 This movie really is a mixed bag. On the one h...
 I watched this movie for its two hours and hav...
 At first, I honestly thought it would be a cor...
 First off- What are some of you thinking? This...
 This movie is not about the soda nor is it qui...
 Well where do we start, there was a lot of pot...
 I went into this film thinking it would be a c...
 Maybe the greatest film ever about jazz.<br />...
 This is an odd movie. On the surface it's no d...
 I am a huge fan of the $5.50 DVD bin at my loc...
 An enthralling, wonderful look at the films th...
 Turd Pie:<br /><br />* Take x2 franchises * Pa...
 THE FOX AND THE CHILD is the latest film from ...
 The late Director John Frankenheimer directed ...
 Just finished watching American Pie: Beta Hous...
 The dehumanising effect of war is a much-studi...
 Yah. I know. It has the name "Sinatra" in the ...
 This movie is truly unbelievable, in every sen...
 Do people rate this movie highly because it's ...
 Look carefully at the wonderful assortment of ...
 The film begins with a dandy gunfight, where t...
 In a summer that also boasted such repugnant s...
 SPOILERS, BEWARE!!! Flashdance is a fair movie...
 Each of the major studios cranked out jazzy on...
 My Name is Earl(2005) <br /><br />Review:........
 As if the storyline wasn't depressing enough, ...
 This was probably intended as an "arty" crime ...
 Genius or utter madness? That depends on your ...
 First of all, when people hear 'GUY RITCHIE', ...
 Great movie - especially the music - Etta Jame...
 I found the first bit of stop motion animation...
 In a word - excellent. This is THE MOVIE. Go a...
 this film has no plot, no good acting, to be h...
 I totally disagreed with those comments which ...
 As I watched this movie, I felt as if a plasti...
 This is absolutely nothing like the WWF and th...
 This movie really left me thinking ... but not...
 Tarzan, the environmental awareness leader, fa...
 Before I forget, let me say the artwork in her...
 Highly suggest not to watch this film 'TV' if ...
 Fabulous, fantastic, probably Disney's best mu...
 Absolutely the worst experience I have ever be...
 I think this piece of garbage is the best proo...
 I picked this movie on the cover alone thinkin...
 I watched this movie with my mother. She is 81...
 THE IMMORTALIZER was, uh, interesting. It cert...
 1st watched 12/7/2002 - 3 out of 10(Dir-Steve ...
 I know a lot of people don't like this movie, ...
 This is another of Hollywood's anti-communist ...
 'Fame' (1980) is brilliant. It's got all these...
 Recap: Based on the true story of Charlie Wils...
 I saw this film much like Skywalker02 did, but...
 This was an excellent film. I don't understand...
 Having had more than a few mates suggest i che...
 American Graffiti is one of the best movies ev...
 Not an altogether bad start for the program --...
 I guess I should now comment upon a 4th flick ...
 The Sentinel i was hoping would be a good film...
 This is the second British Rank film to adapt ...
 This is movie is really bad. I like to flip on...
 Killer Flood: The Day the Damn Broke: 1/10: Fi...
 I absolutely loved this show. I watched it fro...
 My mom always told me to sit down and to actua...
 It's like this ... you put in the DVD and the ...
 A mix of comedy, romance, music(?!), action an...
 I see that someone already thought of a simila...
 Warm hearted flic depicting arch-angel Michael...
 I thought that it was a great film for kids ag...
 This should be my kind of movie. Even if it su...
 Out of any category, this is one demented and ...
 I gave this film 10 not because it is a superb...
 I saw this jolly little film at age 10/11 in 1...
 Final Justice has the great Joe Don Baker runn...
 If you like plot turns, this is your movie. It...
 I'm watching this film as I write this. It's a...
 As was mentioned by others, could there be any...
 especially considering I can count on one hand...
 I am astounded at the positive reviews for thi...
 I don't really know what it is about Dirty Dan...
 This is one of L&H's shorts most frequently ci...
 Miscast, badly directed and atrociously writte...
 Simply an amazing bittersweet movie that portr...
 An Italian/American co-production co-starring ...
 I think that this is one of my top ten worst m...
 (Spoilers warning) I cannot say enough good th...
 Creature Unknown is the right word for this mo...
 A girl is showering unknowing that a serial ra...
 This week's surprise screening at GV turned ou...
 A vampire prince falls for a human girl, unawa...
 a movie about the cruelty of this world. I fou...
 If the scale went negative I would be happier....
 This is a entertaingly bad b-movie. Actually i...
 It's rare that I come across a film this awful...
 This movie took me by complete surprise. I wat...
 Over the GW is a near failure of a debut featu...
 First, a warning. 'How to Marry a Millionaire'...
 How this film could miss so many of the fascin...
 A one is the highest rating I could have given...
 The critics are dumb. This movie is funny and ...
 The Forest isn't just your everyday standard s...
 The world is going to miss John Frankenheimer....
 Holes is a fable about the past and the way it...
 10/10 for this film.<br /><br />i'm a british ...
 Before I begin, I want to briefly say that thi...
 Half Past Dead was unlike any Steven Segal fil...
 It's About Time "Kate Jackson" got her credit ...
 Engaging, riveting tale of captured US army tu...
 *** out of ****<br /><br />Yep! Dressed To Kil...
 Bobcat Goldthwait should be commended for atte...
 And it's not because since her days on "Claris...
 A traveling couple (Horton and Hamilton)stumbl...
 This film is deeply disappointing. Not only th...
 The revelation here is Lana Turner's dancing a...
 This movie really shows its age. The print I s...
 The title should have been the walker. The guy...
 Sequels are a capricious lot with most nowhere...
 I really wish Hollywood would come up with som...
 I wasn't quite sure if this was just going to ...
 This movie came to me highly recommended by Ma...
 (Warning: spoilers! -- although it's hard to s...
 I am not understanding why people are praising...
 Due to this show getting cut early I never rea...
 If you've ever had a mad week-end out with you...
 Wow. I have seen some really bad movies in my ...
 Tia Carrere was the reason I decided to watch ...
 Jamie Foxx did an incredible job playing Ray C...
 Of course, by any normal standard of film crit...
 You'd be forgiven to think a Finnish director ...
 Today actresses happily gain weight, dye their...
 Think of it as an extreme form of detention wi...
 Demonicus is a movie turned into a video game!...
 This is a really great short from Hal Roach. T...
 I'm sure all of the Canadians on IMDb are all ...
 This probably ranks in my Top-5 list of the fu...
 I thought this is an unbelievable boring movie...
 Several things become apparent after the first...
 For weeks I had been looking forward to seeing...
 I liked Top Gun. It held my interest. Predicta...
 When a movie called Hell Ride comes out you ex...
 "Panic" is kind of a crime comedy-drama with W...
 Barbora Bobulova's portrayal of Valeria in thi...
 Jean Luc Godard's Marxist polemic is as close ...
 Bromwell High is a cartoon comedy. It ran at t...
 Subtle, delicate ,touching.<br /><br />A young...
 I got a chance to see this movie at an early s...
 This movie is simply rubbish. I have to say I ...
 If you like CB4, you have no idea what you're ...
 I've never understood the appeal of Garbo. She...
 This is not an entirely bad movie. The plot (n...
 I am a big MD fan. But, I call it like I see i...
 This is pure CRAP, and probably the worst Bibl...
 This is an OK film but lacks any real depth ei...
 I'm usually not one to say that a film is not ...
 I don't want to spend to long here rambling ab...
 I remember when THE GOLDEN CHILD was released ...
 "Pearl Harbor, buddy." This movie is brilliant...
 Deep Blood... Its one of those movies you here...
 This movie is very scary with scenes where the...
 There's no better way to describe the HORRENDO...
 I saw this movie one time at a kiddie matinée ...
 This movie has a few good performances going f...
 In short:<br /><br />Spike Lee clearly has a l...
 I will always have a soft spot for this Disney...
 Honestly, this movie is weak. Very weak. Only ...
 I watched Cheats a few years ago with my frien...
 I saw this movie being a Jane Austen addicted ...
 If a joke doesn't offend anybody, it isn't fun...
 Wow! Stacy Peralta has followed up Dogtown and...
 Trite, clichéd dialog and plotting (the same k...
 The Russian movie, "4," follows the lives of t...
 The key to the joy and beauty, the pain and sa...
 When a movie shocks you with it's disturbing, ...
 If there was a ZERO rating, I would give it to...
 There was a lot of hype of this movie and the ...
 This opens with the company credits informing ...
 Although i had heard this film was a little dr...
 During 1933 this film had many cuts taken from...
 This movie was pure genius. John Waters is bri...
 This movie actually hurts to watch. Not only d...
 A stupid rich guy circa about 1800 wants to vi...
 i thought it was pretty interesting my social ...
 Eastenders has gone full circle from unmissabl...
 First of all the story is not so simple as man...
 A group of people are invited to there high sc...
 For what it's worth, this is a fairly decent R...
 Set in 1962 Hong Kong (in turbulent times, as ...
 This film almost gave me a nervous breakdown. ...
 Shawn Michaels vs. Edge-8- Kind of hard to bel...
 It's interesting at first. A naive park ranger...
 This is easily a 9. Michel Serrault, known mor...
 In a world full of films -- like "You Got Serv...
 Actually they could not have chosen a better d...
 It is quite rare that a movie comes along that...
 This film is bone chilling in a way that is ha...
 I started off being interested somewhat in the...
 Along with "Aparadektoi, the best Greek Comedy...
 Yes, this movie was just hilarious and the act...
 My title ought to be enough.<br /><br />It baf...
 Ella was excellent, Franchot was unavoidably o...
 This is the second Animatrix short, and the fi...
 It's awful.<br /><br />Pretty succinct review ...
 Totally different, with loads of understatemen...
 Peter Segal's 1995 commercial hit & now cult-c...
 My personal favorite horror film. From the len...
 At the time I am writing this I see out of ove...
 One of the best romantic classic,teen deviyaan...
 "Maximum Risk" is a step sideways for Van Damm...
 Has anyone been able to buy this movie? My Unc...
 Is it just me or the fact that the evil racing...
 Honestly, how hard can it be to make a good re...
 This is a wonderful movie about a brothel in a...
 Just read through the other comments here, and...
 The production values for this film make it fa...
 I used to have a fascination with the cartoon ...
 No? Didn't think so! Well, in that case all yo...
 Excellent film from Thaddeus O'Sullivan featur...
 I give this five out of 10. All five marks are...
 This movie was poorly conceived, poorly writte...
 This TV movie goes to show that bad films do e...
 One of Frances Farmer's earliest movies; at 22...
 This film is so unbelievable; - the whole prem...
 I'm rating this pretty high just because of Sa...
 Once you can get past the film's title, "Pecke...
 This film is superb, it has the same low-budge...
 Douglas Sirk's inaugural "women's-picture" wee...
 Dick Tracy was originally a comic book created...
 1983 was a bumper year for Stephen King books ...
 A beautiful new print of "Zabriskie Point" is ...
 This is one of the best movies I have seen in ...
 ...for this movie defines a new low in Bollywo...
 One of the best! As being a fan of the civil w...
 This movie was released originally as a soft "...
 Please, be warned: this movie, though a pretty...
 La Maman et la Putain has to be watched as a m...
 Supernanny Jo Frost, in each episode, gives a ...
 Bravo to Czechs, their once-powerful movie ind...
 <br /><br />..this movie being one of them.<br...
 It is incredible that with all of the countles...
 This comment is meant mainly as a warning to t...
 This movie is Wonderful! I can watch it again ...
 I really like slasher movies,but this one is t...
 There are places for political commentary in f...
 This movie is not so good as I thought it woul...
 It's not plot driven, OK; it's not a character...
 I can't say that I embrace this as a Romantic ...
 O my gosh... Just give me a minute to breath. ...
 "Hood Rat" is absolutely terrible. This is a u...
 Anybody who goes to the Manhattan Hospital Cen...
 I had to endure teen-aged, high school angst a...
 "The Second Coming Of Suzanne" is yet another ...
 Presenting Lily Mars may have provided Judy Ga...
 I was expecting this movie to be a stinker but...
 I'm the first to recognize that Chan-wook Park...
 I waited quite awhile till I was able to watch...
 While this film might not be the next Evil Dea...
 Jefferey dahmer was one sick guy. There's not ...
 I had heard about this movie through a friend,...
 Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Lite". I...
 But it does have some good action and a plot t...
 The story of Ned Kelly has been enshrouded in ...
 Whatever his name is (the writer and director)...
 I once promised never to walk out of any film ...
 The only good thing about this movie is, that ...
 Some of these viewer comments are just ridicul...
 For a movie that was PG, this is one fun film....
 I wonder how the actors acted in this movie. A...
 Comedy Central has had success with original p...
 Okay, so this was made way back in 1993. Direc...
 I had never heard of this film prior to seeing...
 Several weeks back I lost my beloved companion...
 ::POTENTIAL SPOILERS::<br /><br />Man, this mo...
 It came by surprise. . .the impact & resolouti...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** Continued...<br ...
 What a waste. John Travolta and Scarlett Johan...
 I loved this movie when I was a teenager. LOVE...
 But the opposite, sorry bud, i completely unde...
 This movie is an utter waste of time, the plot...
 I was a bit scared to watch this movie due to ...
 This is a feel good film, about one person's d...
 As if the world needed another Seagal movie. A...
 I saw this movie on Mystery Science Theater 30...
 "Landscape after a battle" opens with escaping...
 I enjoyed watching Brigham Young and found it ...
 I have seen this film 3 times. Mostly because ...
 *Hannibal SPOILERS* Hannibal Lecter (Anthony H...
 A rich old lady calls on a flirtatious divorcé...
 Faqrscape is truly one of those shows that jus...
 This movie is not for the faint or weak of hea...
 This will be a different kind of review. I've ...
 "The Last American Virgin", along with "Fast T...
 This is a slightly uneven entry with one stand...
 I like Chris Rock, but I feel he is wasted in ...
 Early Hollywood at it's best!! A classic Kipli...
 This is one of the best lesbian films i have e...
 Mr Perlman gives a standout performance (as us...
 A deliciously nasty black comedy about a middl...
 Style but no substance. Not as funny as it sho...
 I cannot believe I never added my two cents ab...
 Italian rip off of Mandingo and The Drum is a ...
 OK, so I know of this movie because of a frien...
 This episode of Charmed changed everything! Th...
 I watched the Halloween episode...oh my god I ...
 I like Breillat's movies, but this one is the ...
 My wife, Kate and I absolutely loved the serie...
 Just after watching the first one and it is ve...
 It is hard to imagine anyone making a Tom Crui...
 My first impresson of the Saikano: Live Action...
 This film describes the experiences of a coupl...
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever se...
 I remember seeing this movie as a child in the...
 Loyalty to Peter Falk is all that kept me from...
 I remember watching this in the 1970s - then I...
 This comedy with much underlying pain and sadn...
 As far as films go, this is likable enough. En...
 I like this film for several reasons. I have a...
 Frank Sinatra starred in this odd little short...
 So when i was little i got this movie as a pre...
 I finally managed to get myself a copy of Dari...
 When I first found out that Brian Krause was g...
 Really, really bad slasher movie. A psychotic ...
 Spoiler alert  although I think this one was ...
 Never viewed this film and consider it a great...
 In Cinema Retro magazine #2,it is revealed tha...
 This is so incredibly bad. Poor actors. You ca...
 I saw this short film on the dvd for Ridley Sc...
 As shallow as it may sound, I actually delayed...
 Who likes awful "comedy" shows like Little Mos...
 "Cooley High" is one of my favorite movies EVE...
 I think 'Blackadder the Third' is the best one...
 Young, ambitious nurse Ms. Charlotee (Rosie Ho...
 The whole point of making this film, one of th...
 This movie was included in the Six Wives of He...
 A very comical but down to earth look into the...
 This movie was very very mediocre and very ver...
 Sorry, but aside from Kim Basinger doing a goo...
 This is an utterly forgettable picture. A frie...
 This hokey movie left me groaning after just a...
 If I'm going to watch a porn movie, I prefer i...
 This review contains what might be a spoiler i...
 You can't really call Roy Andersson prolific, ...
 After watching two of his silent shorts, 'Elen...
 The Fallen Ones starts with archaeologist Matt...
 This flick was a blow to me. I guess little gi...
 Like a relative that gives you a bad gift, Sou...
 Characters you don't care about, relationships...
 This movie works because it feels so genuine. ...
 Let me say first that this show was top tier w...
 This was one of the most mixed up films I have...
 I bought this 'film' from a gas station in the...
 As a kid, I never understood WHY anyone would ...
 What the hell is in your minds ? This film suc...
 I saw this movie on video with a couple of fri...
 I actually like the original, and this film ha...
 Yes, as unbelievable as it may be, in 1968 a m...
 OK,but does that make this a good movie?well,n...
 Any movie that offers Bonnie Hunt, Sarah Silve...
 Probably the two main significances of "Elmer'...
 I bought this movie for 1 euro, not knowing wh...
 "Let me ask you one more question" Ha ! what a...
 I was never a big fan of horror movies. They u...
 can any movie become more naive than this? you...
 Unlike most people who've commented, I was bor...
 This is one of those movies you find when you ...
 This is a textbook example of how Hollywood di...
 I haven't read through all the comments, but a...
 This was a quite brutal movie. There were huge...
 Here's a couple of paragraphs out of an essay ...
 In my knowledge, Largo winch was a famous Belg...
 The Pallbearer is a disappointment and at time...
 The group of people are travelling to Belgrade...
 Why oh why don't blockbuster movies simply sti...
 I received this movie as a birthday gift becau...
 This was a better than average movie I thought...
 At last, a film to rival 'El Padrino' and 'Dar...
 "Saving Grace" is never riotously funny, but i...
 Whoever wrote the script for this movie does n...
 This movie started out with some semblance of ...
 Generally I don't do minus's and if this site ...
 Blue Monkey (1987) or 'Invasion of the BodySuc...
 Barry Champlain is a radio phone-in talk-show ...
 I'm sorry, but this is such a bad movie it's h...
 Peter is top notch, he is acting, and looking ...
 There's a part of me that would like to give t...
 Why watch this? There is only one reason and t...
 Good movie, all elements of a good movie was t...
 For sheer quality of performance and the "thea...
 Without a doubt this is the WORSE comicbook mo...
 What a shame it is when a potentially captivat...
 Chick Flick? Of course.... Been done before? M...
 This is not a movie for fans of the usual eeri...
 This was the one movie to see about the Civi W...
 This movie is deeply idiotic. A man wants reve...
 Terrible acting, lame plot, stupid story and j...
 Yeah, right.<br /><br />I spent the first hour...
 I just finished a double feature night of An A...
 Amazing, amazing, amazing. What more can be sa...
 Across the great divide which we call understa...
 Oddball black-comedy romance featuring a great...
 While "The Jackal" [remake of the excellent "D...
 I HATE MOVIES THAT END LIKE THIS!!!!<br /><br ...
 First of all, the release date is 2009, not 20...
 Very glad to see that this excellent film gets...
 Don't be fooled: this isn't yet another tired ...
 OK, I am not Japanese. I do know a little abou...
 I am a massive fan of Jet Li! He is THE best H...
 The Disney studios' remake of their own 1965 s...
 I thought this movie would be dumb, but I real...
 This is the kind of movie that I grew up on. I...
 Be very afraid of anyone who likes this film. ...
 I had absolutely nothing to do the past weeken...
 "Written on the Wind" is an irresistible, wond...
 I saw "Into Pitch Black" on t.v. and so I had ...
 THE FBI STORY (1959) was Warner Bros. 149 minu...
 Other reviewers seem to have held this film in...
 This movie deserves more than a 1. But I'm giv...
 I should have listened. I was warned, and stil...
 The acting in this film was of the old school:...
 There are a number of movies that my high scho...
 when I first heard about this movie, I noticed...
 I never expected such an old film to be as imp...
 This was the first PPV in a new era for the WW...
 I didn't expect much when I decided to watch t...
 I go to UCSB and take some classes with the ex...
 After reading other reviews on this site, we w...
 Why wasn't this voted for Best Picture of 1998...
 I don't know what the critics were viewing whe...
 *****probably minor spoilers******<br /><br />...
 At the beginning it was almost a shock to see ...
 I found Dominion to be a lousy attempt to cont...
 When I heard the plot for this movie I simply ...
 Bill Paxton, of Aliens, Near Dark, and Termina...
 `It's as if this town has the power to suck yo...
 At last - I've finally got round to it and man...
 Unlike many other films, which are disturbing ...
 This movie rips off of every mobster/gangster ...
 Like a great many twilight zone episodes, one ...
 Not only does this movie have a poor plot, bad...
 I was rather disappointed. The first Tetsuo ma...
 Despite the mysteriously positive reviews and ...
 Being a transplanted New Yorker, I might be mo...
 Mother Night is one of my favorite novels and ...
 This film is the proof that a good actor is no...
 This is an account of events that have been co...
 'Leatherheads' tries so hard. Tries to be ligh...
 I am a guy, who loves guy movies... I was look...
 This scary and rather gory adaptation of Steph...
 I saw Borderline several years ago on AMC. I'v...
 La Antena, an audacious film by Argentine dire...
 A gritty Australian film, with all the element...
 I didn't think this movie was very good at all...
 First of all, this movie isn't a complete disa...
 That snarl...<br /><br />That scowl...<br /><b...
 This is absolutely the worst trash I have ever...
 This movie is so awful, it is hard to find the...
 There is a uk edition to this show which is ra...
 "Plan B" is strictly by-the-numbers fare excep...
 Quite typical for swedish movies of this type....
 If you've ever been to Ukraine, this movie is ...
 This movie is incomprehendably bad. It begins ...
 This is not a bad film. It is not wildly funny...
 (This review contains a huge spoiler, but I do...
 Sometimes, Lady Luck smiles on me. I had origi...
 This movie will go down down in history as one...
 To confess having fantasies about Brad Pitt is...
 I really wanted to like this film however afte...
 Having seen men Behind the Sun I guess I hoped...
 xica da Silva is one of the best Brazilians op...
 I have not read the novel, though I understand...
 "Female Convict Scorpion - Beast Stable", the ...
 Waitress: Honey, here's them eggs you ordered....
 Postwar England, the dawn of the "atomic age"....
 German filmmaker Ulli Lommel has managed a tas...
 <br /><br />I've seen this movie during a fest...
 I have always had this morbid curiosity when i...
 a movie that attempts to be far smarter than i...
 James Marsh's The King is a film that mystifie...
 This film flopped miserably in the UK, and it ...
 (***Minor spoilers***)<br /><br />If there's s...
 This movie is gorgeous. It's real and down to ...
 This was a very brief episode that appeared in...
 The rise of punk music was scarcely documented...
 A stupid movie, with a stupid plot. Feels like...
 I definitely recommend reading the book prior ...
 I saw this interesting film back to back with ...
 "The sweet is never as sweet without the sour....
 As an indie filmmaker, I try to at least make ...
 What on earth happened to RGV? There are so ma...
 It was a fun film to look at. Though the chanc...
 I just want to comment to the woman above, tha...
 I went to see Fever Pitch with my Mom, and I c...
 This nifty little movie demonstrates the rock-...
 ...and I'm so disappointed because I can't see...
 Believe it or not, Inspector Gadget's Last Cas...
 Not sure why this film was advertised as a wil...
 This movie, quite literally, does not have one...
 Usually I don't really like Emma Roberts so mu...
 Abhay Deol meets the attractive Soha Ali Khan ...
 Bette Midler showcases her talents and beauty ...
 BARNYARD sucked! I saw this movie last week an...
 There are many different versions of this one ...
 I watched the world premiere of this on the St...
 ***1/2 Scarlett Johansson, Woody Allen, Hugh J...
 I really wanted to like this movie, but ended ...
 This is simply a good ole fashioned western..n...
 I saw the Messiah:- The First Killings and I t...
 Mary Haines (Meg Ryan) a rich woman discovers ...
 I rented this movie for a few laughs. I had ne...
 This is one of the best movies I have ever see...
 I spotted this movie in the video store a few ...
 Mom begins at night in the middle of nowhere, ...
 Even if you're a huge Sandler fan, please don'...
 I usually give horror films around 6/10, but t...
 I have read a couple of reviews of this film, ...
 Since I am so interested in lake monsters i re...
 So this is what actress Kim Basinger has succu...
 This picture is an interesting saga of the str...
 This was one of the worst movies that I have e...
 With so many good movies coming out in 1995 (p...
 I really enjoyed the film. It was really chees...
 This movie was disappointing for at least one ...
 Rendered in beautiful water colors, Ponyo At T...
 The Vietnam War era is certainly far before my...
 I know a lot of people would claim certain fil...
 Not as bad as some people say...This is a unof...
 If you want to make a movie like this, have th...
 Cult-director Lucio Fulci is probably most fam...
 Greetings again from the darkness. Director Al...
 The reason I am reviewing this is that the pre...
 This movie did attempt to capture the naive id...
 I couldn't believe how bad this film was, and ...
 INFERNO starts off with a fairly impressive fo...
 This movie is actually FUNNY! If you'd like to...
 I am ashamed to admit in public that I even he...
 I so wanted to believe in this movie after the...
 This story is about the romantic triangle betw...
 Sometimes you have to look back to go forward....
 Having decided some time ago to collect the fi...
 Bangville Police supposedly marked the debut o...
 We purchased this series on DVD because of all...
 When I was five years old, it was my favorite ...
 Okay. Look- I've seen LOTS and I do mean LOTS ...
 Okay, I know this does'nt project India in a g...
 Sir Arthur Conan Doyle wrote a fair number of ...
 One would think that a film based on the life ...
 Highlighting the acting of Sidney Poitier and ...
 Heard about this film a long while ago and fin...
 The Prophecy II, what's there to say about it?...
 Why on earth is Colin Firth in this pointless ...
 Wow. Watching this film today, you can't help ...
 This is a great Italian shark movie probably n...
 This is a VERY entertaining movie. A few of th...
 Bo Derek might have had a career had she not l...
 With the Nazi rise to power in Eastern Europe ...
 I'm not sure if these other people saw the mov...
 It is no surprise that writer/director Michael...
 I usually like comedy movies. I really enjoy t...
 "Oh, you pilots are such men." "They don't cal...
 It's hard to make a bad movie with the "underd...
 "TNT Jackson" isn't completely unwatchable. Bu...
 The story is about a working girl (Ann Sothern...
 First a technical review. The script is so slo...
 This film had so much promise. I was very exci...
 Meaning: if this movie got pitched, scripted, ...
 At first you think another Disney movie, it mi...
 They played this on the July 4th Twilight Zone...
 One of master director Alfred Hitchcock's fine...
 I can't believe this terrible film was made by...
 I was enchanted by Niami's debut. I hope that ...
 The real life case of an innocent First Nation...
 I watched the MST3K version of the movie, and ...
 This is a weak film with a troubled history of...
 In a quiet town a couple of girls witness the ...
 The 1973 "Day of the Jackal", directed by Fred...
 I thought the movie was actually pretty good. ...
 Vadim changed Brigitte's image and way of life...
 This movie was beautiful. It was full of memor...
 Playwright Sidney Bruhl (Michael Caine) has ha...
 The BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most cherished ...
 My wife and I started to watch this movie with...
 Sending the Critters to space does seem like a...
 Now this is a real turkey by the overrated dir...
 I would hate to have anyone watch this "inspir...
 What do you get if you cross The Matrix with T...
 I am disgusted and appalled by the positive re...
 Okay I saw the sneak preview of this stupid mo...
 Please avoid this movie at all costs. This is ...
 If Halloween 5 was a cruel joke to the fans of...
 I actually went into this film with some expec...
 As far as I am concerned this silent version o...
 We had to go to an appointment, so we turned o...
 I could not believe what i saw...(once) brilli...
 Great film. No gratuitous gimmicks like in mos...
 I just saw The Big Trail in Vienna's Filmmuseu...
 Frank Sinatra plays a no-goodnik ex-soldier an...
 "It's all up to you, Ed?" "Now you get to play...
 The Italians are undeniable masters in the que...
 Set in South Africa, a young black guy tries t...
 SAKURA KILLERS (1+ outta 5 stars) Maybe in 198...
 I make just one apology for this film: there a...
 It's not well shot, well written or well acted...
 I wouldn't call "We're Back! A Dinosaur's Stor...
 Upon completing this infernal piece of trash, ...
 ALL FOR LOVE ( as it titled when it was broadc...
 This movie is great, mind you - but only in th...
 Lon Chaney Jr returns to lumber along as the m...
 I have never seen a movie that annoyed me that...
 This movie was shot using a digital camera, an...
 I have seen some bad movies (Austin Powers - T...
 Travolta, Thurman, The Rock, Vaughn, Keitel an...
 The Man Who Knew Too Much{1956}is a remake of ...
 Leland P. Fitzgerald (Ryan Gosling) has commit...
 This is an irredeemably stupid, boring, unimag...
 I just came back from "El Otro" playing here i...
 The problem with making a movie like this, tho...
 I rented the movie and liked it so much that I...
 This Fox spectacle was a big hit when released...
 Old horror movies are interesting, plenty of s...
 I saw this film at the 2005 Palm Springs Inter...
 I attended one of the premieres last night and...
 I've seen soap operas more intelligent than th...
 Police Story is one of Jackie Chan's classic f...
 "Cinema is dead, long live the cinema!" said P...
 Some films that you pick up for a pound turn o...
 Some nameless aliens off on a distant ship fro...
 Antonio Margheriti's "Danza Macabra"/"Castle o...
 I didn't expect too much from this movie, but ...
 I give this movie an A+ for the sheer camp of ...
 You'll notice by the stars I've given this GRE...
 In the sequel to the brilliant Bill and Ted's ...
 this isn't 'Bonnie and Clyde' or 'Thelma and L...
 I haven't seen this movie since it came out at...
 I guess this movie is a fitting tribute to the...
 I'm watching the series again now that it's ou...
 This was a watershed event in my movie watchin...
 Okay, I haven't read the book yet but I have t...
 The plot:Kurt Harris (Jeff Wincott), a bitter,...
 Mmm, doesn't a big stack of pancakes sound goo...
 WARNING:I advise anyone who has not seen the f...
 I first caught up with Jennifer years ago whil...
 I didn't even knew this movie existed until sh...
 "Hatred of a Minute" is a hauntingly beautiful...
 The worst part about this film is that it did ...
 So I rented this movie hoping to learn about t...
 It's a shame that Asterix and his buddy Obelix...
 I saw this movie at the 2005 Toronto Internati...
 This movie starts out as if it were a comedy. ...
 If you have ever read and enjoyed a novel by T...
 well i was a teenager when i saw the movie..th...
 This film gave me nightmares for months and I'...
 ...but it's certainly not without merit. Alrea...
 Cinderella was one of the first movies I ever ...
 We all know bits and pieces of Gulliver's trav...
 As someone who has lived with cerebral palsey ...
 In this film, made JUST as the production code...
 I just saw this movie for the second time with...
 Or released on DVD or screened on a cable chan...
 This movie's one of my favorites. It's not rea...
 wow! it's even better than I expected! the bes...
 The only reason I watched the movie till the e...
 In "Red Letters", Coyote is at the vortex of a...
 This film and the 1st AvP film both all over t...
 Right up until the end the bad guys have the u...
 I would love for members of the cast and crew ...
 Watching this movie, you just have to ask: Wha...
 This is another one of those movies that could...
 After seeing a heavily censored version of thi...
 There are movies like "Plan 9" that are so bad...
 This is one of my favorite movies of all time....
 "The Phenix City Story" is a brutal, hard-hitt...
 I wasn't particularly impressed by this movie ...
 This thing works on all levels -- it's intense...
 This short spoof can be found on Elite's Mille...
 A surprisingly good documentary. My surprise w...
 I was fortunate enough to see this movie on pr...
 After a man turns up dead, a soldier becomes t...
 Fast paced and funny satire about that origina...
 While both this movie and the signature car ch...
 It's really just terrible. Quaid overacts more...
 This is, in my opinion, a very good film, espe...
 WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS (but not really - k...
 This is a film with a lot of potential, well d...
 A magazine columnist who writes about life on ...
 <br /><br />"Burning Paradise" is a combinatio...
 Heath Ledgers acting in this film really bugs ...
 As an avid cinema go-er i felt that whilst i w...
 Let's cut a long story short. I loved every mi...
 I have seen about five or six episodes of this...
 This is a movie you'll either love or hate. I ...
 I saw this movie recently because a friend bro...
 "Any Gun Can Play" (1967), directed by Enzo G....
 Is there anything worse than a comedy film tha...
 This movie has taken a lot of stick. It was sl...
 hi i am john and i would like to tell you all ...
 The Last Dinosaur is a film that is meant to b...
 Will Farmer (Lanter) plays a computer game tha...
 I'll admit that the first time I managed to ca...
 Most of the silent films I've seen have been s...
 When you compare what Brian De Palma was doing...
 An EXTREMELY fast paced,exhilarating, interest...
 This enjoyable Euro-western opens with a scene...
 As a popular sport, surfing was liked by many ...
 This is a romantic comedy, so it's really a fa...
 Students often ask me why I choose this versio...
 I had the opportunity to preview this film as ...
 Police officer Michael (Tomas Arana, "The Chur...
 Very poor script and acting. I was very surpri...
 I lived in London most of my adult life before...
 I saw this movie when i was much younger and i...
 I think this has the potential of being the be...
 Other reviewers here seem to think this is an ...
 First off, I absolutely loved this movie. As a...
 It's not very often a movie can literally make...
 This movie is very well done although the endi...
 After seeing the movie, I feel the father and ...
 This was a highly original decent movie, and a...
 As I've hopped from film to film at the SXSW F...
 This is unique in films of Hitchcock's that I'...
 This game has cartoon graphics, not much viole...
 I watched this movie recently mainly because I...
 I first saw this when I was around 7. I rememb...
 Sogo Ishii has taken the old myth of Musashibo...
 Personally I think this show looks pretty chea...
 It's hard to believe that with a cast as stron...
 I saw this film in the worst possible circumst...
 A charming, funny film that gets a solid grade...
 ... but the keyword here is "usually." I have ...
 Oliver Hardy awakens with a hangover and soon ...
 I am quite sure that this was the worst movie ...
 Surface is one of the greatest t.v. series I h...
 I taped The Morrison Murders on Lifetime Movie...
 I love this show. It's clever and very well ac...
 Set in Providence, Rhode Island, Feeding the M...
 "East Side Story" is a documentary of musical ...
 I heard a few friends one day saying that "Sca...
 This was the first televised episode of the Co...
 Director Spike Lee is famous for making films ...
 This is the epitome of bad 80's film-making, u...
 Susan Sarandon and Natalie Portman play Adele ...
 OhMyGAWD!!! THE MAGIC GARDEN is perhaps one of...
 That someone could have conceived this nonsens...
 Since most review's of this film are of screen...
 The first "side-story" in the universal centur...
 'The Student of Prague' is an early feature-le...
 Frailty is a non-gory horror film that achieve...
 Other reviewers have summarized this film noir...
 A painfully protracted, maudlin and predictabl...
 As romantic comedies go, this was a cute and w...
 As is well-known among long haired youngsters ...
 The best Laurel and Hardy shorts are filled to...
 Spike Milligan's books and plays have defeated...
 A longtime fan of Bette Midler, I must say her...
 In this episode, Locke and Eko go searching fo...
 I actually trawled through the entire set of r...
 Jim Henson as Kermit, Dr.Teeth, Rowlf and Wald...
 I have remembered this cartoon for over 50 yea...
 My first review at IMDB, after a few years of ...
 about a year and a half ago my dad told me abo...
 I had seen this film way back in the 80's and ...
 The entire 10:15 minute presentation is done i...
 I recently bought the DVD, forgetting just how...
 Just saw the movie, and the scary thing was, t...
 In 1850 in Yorkshire, a boy chimney-sweep is f...
 I have to say I am really surprised at the hig...
 This film was the most longest film and the re...
 Tex Avery's tenure as director of cartoons for...
 This has some excellent spots but the length o...
 Absolutely nothing. The movies that are great ...
 OK, I just flipped channels and caught DW3. I ...
 I've seen a lot of bad movies in my life. Date...
 The thing I remember most about this film is t...
 Well this movie actually made me feel so stron...
 Eric Valette is obviously a talented film-make...
 Mystery Men is one of those movies that gets f...
 Halloween:The Curse Of Michael Myers is probab...
 Full disclosure: I was born in 1967. At first ...
 This show is actually pretty good. Like all sh...
 This was a gem. Amazing acting from the leads ...
 This Hamlet made for one of the boringest MST3...
 As I'm listening to my parents watch this (aft...
 This interesting documentary tells a remarkabl...
 Especially after watching THE MATRIX RELOADED!...
 I read that Jessie Matthews was approached and...
 Honestly, this is a very funny movie if you ar...
 Lloyd Hamilton was one of the most imaginative...
 I'm not a big fan of musicals, although this t...
 Epic early film, directed by D.W. Griffith. Ma...
 A family (mother-Patricia Clarkson, father-Jak...
 Everything about this movie was bad, the actin...
 Yuck. I thought it odd that their ancient book...
 I stopped watching this POS as soon as the sna...
 A particularly maligned example of Italian cul...
 Mike Nichols in finest form. I was not a fan o...
 I´m only joking. This was potentially the wors...
 Maybe I saw a cleaned up version, but other th...
 This was an impulse pick up for me from the lo...
 The role of economics in the industrialized No...
 Part of what was so great about the classic Lo...
 I saw this when it first came out and have see...
 "One True Thing" is the kind of movie where th...
 This is the type of late-night cable flick usu...
 Affable aspiring cartoonist Hoops McCann (a wo...
 Critters 4 is a good movie. A bit of a twist t...
 ***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be...
 Saw this 'film' recently and have to say it wa...
 I waited long to watch this movie. Also becaus...
 Night hunter is a sold B style action movie. G...
 As an impressionable 10 year old, I liked the ...
 I am assuming that the rave reviews on this pa...
 Someday somebody is going to write an essay co...
 A respectable royal rumble event<br /><br />1....
 I have seen many - possibly too many straight-...
 There's nothing to say except I want my time b...
 I loved it. I had just sat through half of "Th...
 In my opinion, a good documentary - especially...
 Sometimes I wonder if today's horror movies re...
 As you may or may not have heard, there is no ...
 Well, after long anticipation after seeing a f...
 Sandra Bullock paints a believable picture as ...
 In 1242, Russia in being invaded by two sides:...
 *SPOILERS*<br /><br />I don't care what anyone...
 A heap of human flesh lies asleep on a red pil...
 Well I just discovered IMDb from my twin siste...
 In 1858 Tolstoy wrote this in his diary: "The ...
 'Say Yes' is one of those flicks that you keep...
 Fay Grim is a true example of what I call a co...
 I was fortunate enough to record this wonderfu...
 Outside Sweden you are not expected have seen ...
 -only few can understand Leland's character, a...
 Leonard Rossiter and Frances de la Tour carry ...
 I just don't see how a Concorde-New Horizons f...
 This was a movie about infidelity and revenge....
 One more classic performance by Maniratnam and...
 After viewing this movie, lets say, around 8 t...
 The movie is wonderful. It shows the man's wor...
 This isn't exactly a complicated story. It's n...
 Prot (Kevin Spacey) is a mental hospital patie...
 Utterly pretentious nonsense. The material is ...
 Now for the truth, its very very weak storylin...
 This movie really shows its age. The print I s...
 This movie was one of the longest movie watchi...
 Ok, even if you can't stand Liza- this movie i...
 IMAGINARY HEROES is one fine little film! Writ...
 After sitting through the trainwreck that was ...
 Being a former MST3k watcher, even I found thi...
 The opening scene of this film sets the pace f...
 Greta Garbo stars in 'Anna Christie', a very e...
 Better than it has any right to be, this movie...
 A fantastic Arabian adventure. A former king, ...
 Considering that this movie had a serious and ...
 I really wanted to like this movie, but the pa...
 I really loved this movie and so did the audie...
 Spend your time any other way, even housework ...
 OK heres what I say: <br /><br />The movie was...
 I was pleasantly surprised by how good the mov...
 I found Grey Garden's to be a gripping film, a...
 Worst Bob Hope comedy ever(and that includes s...
 I was looking on Imdbs bottom 100 because i th...
 A group of friends come face-to-face with a fa...
 In the ravaged wasteland of the future, mankin...
 this is the 4th movie in the Karate Kid series...
 I didn't know it was possible to release a mov...
 I think a round of applause is in order for wh...
 As soon as I saw the ad for "Changi" on the Hi...
 This movie is nothing more than Christian prop...
 This is a refreshing, enjoyable movie. If you ...
 This movie was offensively PC, predictable and...
 While trying to build a major mall or complex ...
 I loved this film, Independent film-making at ...
 ...is the only way to describe this movie abou...
 This movie was sheer, slow, plodding torture. ...
 I don't usually comment, but there are things ...
 At times I really wonder when I look at the c...
 Although dated, this film is definitely worth ...
 The film-school intellects can drool all they ...
 I had high expectations for this movie and was...
 The DVD jacket in which this movie came descri...
 Cultural Vandalism Is the new Hallmark product...
 I'm not a big musical fan, but this is one of ...
 I have recently seen a string of caving movies...
 too bad this movie isn't. While "Nemesis Game"...
 "Jaded" offers a premise with potential as it ...
 ALICE is the kind of movie they made in the 30...
 THE ODD COUPLE (3+ outta 5 stars)<br /><br />L...
 Always enjoy great films which deal with the s...
 Edwin Porter's 1903 short film entitled "The G...
 I enjoyed this film very much.Tobey Maguire gi...
 I have to admit that Purple Rain is one of my ...
 A wonder. One of the best musicals ever. The t...
 The centurions is one of the best cartoons eve...
 this was one of those $.50 cent deals of yore-...
 'Traffik', despite its title, is not really ab...
 There are no flaws in this production. Perfect...
 Something not-so-great. "Silence of the Lambs"...
 This movie had mediocrity, laziness, and thoug...
 From the acclaim it got I was expecting more f...
 Greenaway's films pose as clever, erudite and ...
 AVP2 is an awful movie. The dialogue was point...
 If you have not seen this excellent movie abou...
 i stopped this movie at 48 minutes and change....
 Its a feel-good movie that made me feel good. ...
 I just saw this movie at the Berlin Film Festi...
 No, *Hitch* is decidedly NOT a romantic-comedy...
 A lot has already been said on this movie and ...
 Based on the Korean legend, unknown creatures ...
 I'm not a big fan of the Stooges' slapstick, b...
 I rented this flick for one reason Tom Savini,...
 Absolutely fantastic. <br /><br />Now, before ...
 OK, so this film is well acted. It has good di...
 This is a decent movie. Although little bit sh...
 Cops Logan Alexander and Debbie Rochon escort ...
 Once again seeing this kind of movies turns me...
 As a rule, there are few things more dispiriti...
 "Wild Tigers I have Known." It will only be sh...
 After I first saw this, I thought, "Wow, this ...
 Ever want to see a movie where Chuck Norris ta...
 In some scenes in the Rain People, Francis For...
 Usually, I know after the first minute of a mo...
 A great film this, and a shame that it will re...
 *May contain spoilers* *May contain spoilers*<...
 I saw this black and white comedy noir yesterd...
 Spoilers I loved the later episodes from colle...
 OK, what was this story about again? I am afra...
 Wasn't sure what to expect from this film. I l...
 Produced at a point in his career, where he ha...
 If we could have "Separate Tables," why not "S...
 This was a great movie! It was a completely en...
 It isn't the worst film ever made, the actors ...
 First, I must say that I don't speak spanish a...
 I have lost count of just how many times I hav...
 For people interested in business and the corp...
 Much of the commentary on this board revolves ...
 Thus starts "One Crazy Summer", the evil twin ...
 The movie starts with a board meeting at a maj...
 Watching the commercials for this movie, I was...
 I just attended a preview screening of this fi...
 Robin Williams is a genius. One of the best co...
 This movie is by far the cutest I have seen in...
 Is Thursday an original film? Heck no, but it ...
 This movie is a quite fair adaptation of the P...
 I thought this was a truly awful film--I found...
 Horrendous pillaging of a classic.<br /><br />...
 There's a group of Fox TV executives sitting a...
 While this movie isn't a classic by any stretc...
 As Muppet movies go, this is easily and clearl...
 This movie is about Viola (Amanda Bynes) and h...
 Since the start of her career in the 70's and ...
 If Dick Tracy was in black and white, the pope...
 Universal's answer to "The Exorcist" isn't a v...
 This is a depressingly shallow, naive and most...
 There is not much to say about this one except...
 Trash/bad movies usually ain't bad because I w...
 This is a real eye candy. A world made of floa...
 There are just so many things wrong with this ...
 Even Disney are guilty of the cash cow disease...
 "They were always trying to get me killed," Al...
 This is possibly one of my favorite films. It ...
 We'll never see this movie broadcast by HBO in...
 Everyone agrees about the technical excellence...
 This is such a great movie "Call Me Anna" beca...
 I love this movie so much. It always makes me ...
 A very tired looking Burt Reynolds plays a mer...
 Before I start, I _love_ Eddie Izzard. I think...
 <br /><br />Back in his youth, the old man had...
 i saw this movie last night and even after a c...
 There are laughs in this film, that is for sur...
 For two of the funniest comedians, the movie w...
 A great slasher movie -- too bad it was the pr...
 I didn't approach "Still Crazy" with any real ...
 I am almost a two decade old human who's been ...
 If you've ever seen this movie, you'd know tha...
 I am a chess player and I wanted to like this ...
 When you wish for the dragon to eat every cast...
 I think this film has much to recommend it, pa...
 Rs.30/- is all I paid as rent for the DVD of t...
 Richard Dreyfuss is, indeed, in this flick, bu...
 When I saw this movie, I couldn't believe my e...
 this movie has a great chase scene, if you lis...
 This is a pretty interesting experiment to wat...
 I really, really wanted to like Julian Po. I t...
 Really, This movie should be released to DVD. ...
 In a year when "Singin' in the Rain" and "High...
 To even say that this film is Sebastien's work...
 As a WWII naval history buff, and someone who ...
 After an astronaut dies in space, he is brough...
 I first saw this film in Austria when it first...
 The last film that provided a vivid and distur...
 a scarily real drama, there isn't another dram...
 I live and work in Lexington, Kentucky, the to...
 Many people thought that this is a good movie ...
 Evil warlord puts a town through pain and suff...
 Ettore Scola, one of the most refined and gran...
 Eleven different Film Makers from different pa...
 There are bad movies, then there are the movie...
 If this is a 2008 product from one of the bigg...
 I really liked this movie, and went back to se...
 Had I been familiar with the stage production ...
 ''Queen of the Damned '' is one of the worst a...
 I was so surprised by how great The Man In The...
 This is, without a doubt, the most offensive "...
 Another Downey must-see! If you are an obsesse...
 I didn't know much about this movie going in- ...
 I must be that one guy in America that didn't ...
 I knew next to nothing about this movie until ...
 The Merchant of Venice 8/10<br /><br />(This r...
 The magnitude of the Stalingrad tragedy is con...
 Peter O'Toole is Arthur Chipping a Latin Teach...
 To quote the film, "It's better not to know. B...
 Being a person who does not usually enjoy boxi...
 The most hillarious and funny Brooks movie I e...
 Tom is listening to one of those old-time radi...
 Easily the worst movie I have ever seen in my ...
 This turned out all right and looks interestin...
 I rented the film (I don't think it got a thea...
 Years ago "MA2412" the feature film tried to b...
 I fully agree with the previous reviewer. Ther...
 My brother brought this movie home from the re...
 THIS IS NOT A CHILDREN'S MOVIE!!!<br /><br />T...
 Aaran is one of the movies where you find the ...
 The storyline is a ticked off claim jumper mad...
 <br /><br />"Bleak House" is hands down the fi...
 Pat Conroy's autobiographical book "The Water ...
 I've never really been sure whether I liked th...
 Even a decade after "Frontline" aired on the A...
 Any film which begins with a cowhand shagging ...
 This is one of the best bond games i have ever...
 De Sica is becoming one of my favorite directo...
 This is the fifth von Trier film I have seen. ...
 Checking Out will be released Friday September...
 I have always liked this comedy as one of the ...
 It is written in stone that Disney animations ...
 I rarely give ratings less than 5, but in this...
 99.999% pure crap. And the other .001% was a b...
 This is horrific. No really, this is ,bar none...
 seriously i loved this film..i had started to ...
 This is definitely one of the best Kung fu mov...
 I agree with another user here and have to say...
 Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwnnnnnnnnnnnnn!...
 This is probably the worst film I have ever se...
 This movie is so bad it's funny. It stars Scot...
 First I have to say that I have read everythin...
 This short, a formative cartoon featuring Pepe...
 Wow. I just saw Demon Wind a little while ago,...
 Flavia the Heretic is an undeniable work of ar...
 Firstly, I am not easily scared by... Anything...
 I won't spend a lot of time nor energy on this...
 There is nothing not to like about Moonstruck....
 That is the promise of the trailer I saw and b...
 I think that the shots and lighting were very ...
 This interesting Giallo boosts a typical but s...
 I've seen a great many films, but 'In Cold Blo...
 Thank god for this movie. It's a document of t...
 This show was crap when it first came on. The ...
 I saw this movie about a week ago and still ke...
 "Please, don't kill me! I'm just an actor!" "C...
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my...
 This movie is one long chiche after another. F...
 I have no idea why everyone hates this movie t...
 This was pretty inevitable. This movie borrows...
 This movie is a perfect example of Barkers cin...
 This indie film is worth a look because of the...
 I usually talk a bit about the plot in the fir...
 The most embarrassing moment in this film is w...
 When the circus comes to town and places the l...
 Kahin Pyaar Na Ho Jaaye is a great family movi...
 Wow, Jeez, I don't even know where to begin co...
 This film is too good for words. Its so unbeli...
 This film, based on the book by Pascal Laime' ...
 COMING on the heels of that 1970's "Blackploit...
 Well made and stylish while still ultimately m...
 i was lucky enough to read the book beforehand...
 Pepe Le Pew can either really creep you out or...
 Decent enough with some stylish imagery howeve...
 Some critics have compared Chop Shop with the ...
 when you get to the scenes that involve Albert...
 i had gone to the movies expecting to see a gr...
 <br /><br />In Japan and elsewhere in Europe n...
 What were they thinking at "Cannes"? One of th...
 I grew up in New York and this show came on wh...
 "Moonstruck" is a movie that I liked the first...
 I enjoyed this movie, granted it is mainly bec...
 Etienne Girardot is just a character actor--th...
 This silly movie is really fun for the younger...
 Betty Sizemore (Renee Zellweger) lives her lif...
 spoilers<br /><br />This movie is not action p...
 The production company for this film calls its...
 Hmm, IMDb rating of 7.5, good comments, bla, b...
 Poorly structured, badly written, loaded with ...
 I know this is a made for TV movie, and the ac...
 Angels who got a little icky were banned from ...
 There is no story! The plot is hopeless! A fil...
 Telly Savalas put on a passable (but no better...
 amazing movie I saw this movie for the first t...
 "The Italian Job" is a caper movie done by the...
 It would be unwise to judge that that either n...
 I watched this film for the second time tonigh...
 Dominick (Nicky) Luciano wears a 'Hulk' T-shir...
 Worth watching twice because of the rapid-pace...
 The most accurate description of how Billy Cry...
 I saw it in Europe-plex. Great movie!! <br /><...
 In the 1940s, Veronica Lake made a meteoric ri...
 That's a snippet of choice dialogue delivered ...
 The Young Victoria is a beautiful film and has...
 I can't say that this movie deserves a ten, be...
 Sylvester the cat stowaway upon a ship that Tw...
 OK, so Mr. Agrama's company (which is involved...
 I question anyone saying they don't care for t...
 Comic secret agents have made a comeback in re...
 Strange enough, shorts like this get a 10. Why...
 beautifully constructed, "Traffik" tells the s...
 Just re-saw this last night and to put it blun...
 This show was absolutely great, and I always l...
 Seriously - avoid this movie at any cost. I ju...
 Recap: Not entirely familiar with the Shakespe...
 It has been 16 years since it's original run, ...
 I'm an animator myself and an all around buff ...
 The movie had no excitement and does not have ...
 i just got puzzled why damn FOX canceled the s...
 This is definitely the biggest surprise of the...
 The First Power (1990) was a terrible film tha...
 I've always believed that David and Bathsheba ...
 I have recently gone to the movie theatres to ...
 Rose  Does anything actually happen in this e...
 No spoiler needed to steer you clear of this.....
 I was willing to go with the original _Cruel I...
 As I am from Hungary I have heard many people ...
 Movies just don't get worse than this. Horribl...
 A singularly unfunny musical comedy that artif...
 Predictable Unmotivated Pointless Caricatures ...
 An interesting period picec showing us what wa...
 This is a great example of a good, dumb movie....
 I laughed a lot while watching this. It's an a...
 I'm in Iraq right now doing a job that gives p...
 The week before I saw Iowa, I saw Art School C...
 If you want to see intelligent, philosophical ...
 There were so many things wrong with this movi...
 I am sitting here writing this review and the ...
 Yul Brynner was a symbol of villein in the tin...
 "Boogie Nights" is a masterpiece it tells a gr...
 A group of teens have their car break down in ...
 Most critics seem to have dismissed this film,...
 I can't believe I watched this whole movie. An...
 As most of you, I've watch a lot of great movi...
 Living just down the Hwy from Georgetown, Co.....
 ***Possible Plot Spoilers***<br /><br />I ador...
 The silent film masterpiece Battleship Potemki...
 After missing out on this innumerable times on...
 I did not think Haggard was the funniest movie...
 I saw this film (it's English title is "Who's ...
 I'm kinda torn on DARK ANGEL. The film appears...
 The only reason I didn't fall asleep during th...
 After the turning point of NIGHT MUST FALL, Ro...
 Mr. Bean has shaped the face of British TV com...
 I love it when they actually do a sports story...
 Too Much of Something Borrowed Grade B-<br /><...
 "Film noir" is an overused expression when it ...
 With some films it is really hard to tell for ...
 .......Playing Kaddiddlehopper, Col San Fernan...
 The synopsis for this movie does a great job a...
 OK. First said, I just wanted to check whether...
 Home Alone 3 is one of my least favourite movi...
 Young Warriors (1983) <br /><br />While this i...
 Ladies and gentlemen, allow us to introduce to...
 gone in 60 seconds is a very good action comed...
 This is fantastic! Everything from the Score -...
 Once again Woody Allen seems to be completely ...
 OK..this movie could have been soooo good! All...
 When you typically watch a short film your alw...
 I have to say that there is nothing wrong with...
 Kind of a guilty indulgence nowadays, this use...
 As a fan of author John le Carre I've slowly b...
 This film is a powerful commentary on family l...
 This representation of the popular children's ...
 "You know - I've been in some towns where the ...
 The movie has a good story line, the action is...
 The Andrew Davies adaptation of the Sarah Wate...
 I love Zombie-Movies and I love amateur-produc...
 I blubbered like a little girl during the endi...
 I was skeptical before going to this because o...
 Wha-BAM! Someone surely had fun devouring a wh...
 Jane Eyre_ is one of the greatest novels in th...
 Thank the Lord for Martin Scorsese, and his lo...
 Kirsten Dunst is terribly overrated as an actr...
 I caught this during a brief run in a Philadel...
 So far after week two of "The lone of Beauty" ...
 Spider-Man is in my opinion the best superhero...
 I noticed that this film has taken the brunt o...
 Frank McCarthy who produced the Academy Award ...
 Everyone's already commented on the obvious fa...
 There is great detail in A Bug's Life. Everyth...
 I saw the film yesterday and really enjoyed it...
 It's proof that movie makers and their financi...
 It is such a shame when actors and actresses o...
 It's rare that I sit down in front of the TV s...
 Advertised by channel seven in Australia as th...
 Having broken into a secret database file for ...
 In the beginning, with the careful, remote loc...
 This is a strange, little, forgotten movie fro...
 This has no relationship to Virtual Encounters...
 I've seen this film at least 4 times since '84...
 This is the only film I've seen that is made b...
 its great i loved it ha cause i love dinosaurs...
 First i gotta say that this film is way less p...
 Came across this film recently after so long h...
 No, this is not no Alice fairy tale my friends...
 Years after the fall of the last of the great ...
 Following the pleasingly atmospheric original ...
 It's not often I feel strongly enough to post ...
 Strummer's hippie past was a revelation, but o...
 I was very willing to give Rendition the benef...
 ZP is deeply related to that youth dream repre...
 What should i say? I only saw this flick for c...
 It worked! Director Christian Duguay created a...
 Robot Holocaust is about the lamest, most path...
 THE MATADOR is hit-man movie lite....if you ca...
 I have recently watched this movie twice, and ...
 "Caribe" is not a masterpiece in any of its st...
 Normally, I don't like revenge films....PERIOD...
 This movie almost has everything. The action i...
 Quite possibly the nicest woman in show busine...
 "Emma" was a product of what might be called b...
 I will confess that once I started watching th...
 a compact crime drama with a good amount of ac...
 stars: Danny Devito, Billy Crystal, Anne Ramse...
 I find it disconcerting that in an era when sa...
 It's really a shame to see so many talented pe...
 The only reason I give this movie 8/10 stars, ...
 Not sure if this counts as a spoiler or not, s...
 Writer/director Henry Brommel has done a wonde...
 Yes, this film gets a lot of attention and is ...
 Ah the sci-fi channel. How often do you disapp...
 Homicide: The Movie proved to be a good wrap-u...
 A 2006 online poll of Japan's top 100 favorite...
 Frankly I did not think there was anything hum...
 If Mulder was looking for his real father here...
 I watched the first 15 minutes, thinking it wa...
 This is possibly the worst of all the Columbo ...
 I am writing this review having watched it sev...
 This movie is hilarious, bright and insightful...
 it aint bad, but it aint good. it is just ente...
 Tarzan and his mate(1934) was the only Tarzan ...
 Okay,. so I went into this loving RuPaul. I st...
 Following the appalling Attack Force, chances ...
 Worse than mediocre thriller about an abused w...
 I can't say that this film deserves anywhere n...
 somewhere i'd read that this film is supposed ...
 Simply put, this is the worst movie since "Pol...
 This is a great documentary and above comments...
 again such kind of zero-budget digital-video c...
 'Iphigenia' is the great achievement of Michae...
 This is said to be a personal film for Peter B...
 I love Memoirs of a Geisha so I read the book ...
 UP AT THE VILLA (2000) **1/2<br /><br />WARNIN...
 Yikes! and we all thought Joan Crawford was TH...
 Although it was released way back in 1967, IN ...
 Henry Hathaway was daring, as well as enthusia...
 I have to say this is one of the worst films I...
 Just finished with Zombie Bloodbath part one o...
 In my opinion this is the best Oliver Stone fl...
 Tsui Hark's visual artistry is at its peek in ...
 The late Dudley Moore had the most famous role...
 When I heard this film was directed by Ang Lee...
 This movie was great don't understand the disr...
 Disappointing and irritating. The screenwriter...
 The problem with so many people watching this ...
 I will probably always go to see a Woody Alleb...
 Let me waste a moment of your time to explain ...
 Wow. What a terrible adaptation of a beautiful...
 Drivel. Utter junk. The writers must not have ...
 One of the last classics of the French New Wav...
 As it is often the case, the impressive and ex...
 I am a huge horror fan, particularly Spanish h...
 A bad rip-off attempt on "Seven", complete wit...
 I have seen bad movies before, but this one ta...
 The Underground Comedy movie is perhaps one of...
 I had the pleasure of seeing Saltimbanco live ...
 This movie was made for people who found Greml...
 i liked this movie a lot.I rented this expecti...
 I watched the movie with tears and smiles alte...
 This film is like marmite. You either love it ...
 James J. Corbett's autobiography "The Roar of ...
 Growing up with the Beast Wars transformers, I...
 I don't mean to sound pretentious here, but to...
 Why does everyone feel they have to constantly...
 I pulled down a VHS box from my vast collectio...
 ...than you easily spot the biggest fault of t...
 I saw this movie at a 'sneak preview' and i mu...
 I bought this a while ago but somehow neglecte...
 If I had to decide which was the best Ernest m...
 This is absolutely the worst movie I have ever...
 I have waited a long time for someone to film ...
 In many ways DIRTY WORK is a predictable L&H s...
 What is wrong with American movies these days?...
 I ordered this extremely rare and highly overr...
 I can understand how fans of filmmaker Roman P...
 There have been very few great comedy films in...
 ......in a horror movie that is. Alright first...
 If you seen Rodney Dangerfield's previous movi...
 Wow, this film was just bloody horrid. SO bad ...
 Nothing to watch here. It's all been done (and...
 Film starts in 1840 Japan in which a man slash...
 Of all the movies I've seen, this one rates al...
 VERY BAD MOVIE........and I mean VERY BAD...TH...
 Actually, the movie is neither horror nor Sci-...
 I had never read Shakespeare's Hamlet before w...
 This movie was talked about in Fangoria where ...
 A bizarre and brilliant combination of talents...
 One of the most successful shows in television...
 This film is about a family trying to come to ...
 Let me start by saying that "War, Inc" is not ...
 This is a Black and White film from France,<br...
 This would have been my number one movie of th...
 Newly-pregnant Knight bolts from husband for n...
 This place in England during 1940. Three orpha...
 I did enjoy watching Squire Trelane jerk aroun...
 Wow. When I went to this film at the Toronto f...
 I though that it was hard, if not impossible, ...
 Poorly acted, poorly written and poorly direct...
 ...you know the rest. If you want a good zombi...
 I always look forward to this movie when its o...
 I like Billy Crystal, and I thought it would b...
 I had watched several days film shooting of th...
 Regardless of whether the predominant social m...
 First off, this is no where near as bad as som...
 As it is in Heaven {SPOILER WARNING)<br /><br ...
 First thing first . In this genre movie the fi...
 I saw the movie after checking its rating on I...
 I live in Missouri, so the direct effects of t...
 carrot top in a full length movie, enough said...
 Wow...what can I say...First off IMDb says thi...
 This is Not a Love Song.<br /><br />My one wor...
 The SF premise isn't unique (although it prett...
 In this film, the astronauts sent to explore a...
 this is an example of a movie that can have gr...
 ***SPOILERS*** Let's start with the "good" of ...
 Japanese animators have a unique freedom with ...
 I would like if they brought back surface. I r...
 This movie was, in one word, terrible. It was ...
 Sequels have a nasty habit of being disappoint...
 Black Candles is rather a muddled mess from th...
 what is wrong with you people, if you weren't ...
 With this topic, it is so easy to take cheap s...
 Below average blaxpoitation action / melodrama...
 If you have never read the classic science fic...
 It's interesting that someone made a compariso...
 one day someone said lets redo the mod squad w...
 I am compelled to write a review of this IMAX ...
 I have a high tolerance for the weird, but fra...
 Although this lovely work of art does use some...
 ***Might not consider this having a spoiler, b...
 I admit not being that fond of Oliver! as a yo...
 'Steamboat Willie (1928)' is often erroneously...
 I am not sure who is writing these<br /><br />...
 This had to be one of the worst films ever. Wh...
 Like Steven Seagal I also am a big Van Damme f...
 Does anyone happen to know where this film was...
 OK, I really don't have too much to say about ...
 It's a shame House Calls isn't better known. I...
 So you might be reading some of the comments p...
 The dudes at MST3K should see this dog of a fi...
 This show is great. Not only is "Haruhai Suzum...
 I just finished watching this on TV and what c...
 My friend and I picked "Paperhouse" out of a r...
 I've loved this movie for a LONG time. I hadn'...
 I really tried to like this movie. It deals wi...
 These two stars are the only iconic heroes/vil...
 I just saw a press screening of this film and ...
 In the winter of 1931, supposedly 12-year-old ...
 A blatant rip-off of "Air Bud", this movie is ...
 A chance encounter between a salesman and a hi...
 I have watched this movie on and off since it ...
 Having been born and raised in Odessa, and hav...
 Having enjoyed Jean Arthur in "The Devil and M...
 no really, im not kidding around here folks, a...
 This is the first sci fi series that I have se...
 This movie is hilarious. The laughs never stop...
 This really is one of the worst movies ever ma...
 There are many mysteries in life. For example:...
 Despite the apparent structural similarity wit...
 Some news reporters and their military escorts...
 During the summer, the cue line for this attra...
 From what critics and audiences indicated, BIR...
 Sophmoric this film is. But, it is funny as al...
 Prolific and highly influential filmmaker Mart...
 If I remember, Ira Gershwin, the lyricist and ...
 A female ex-cop who was drummed out of the for...
 This is an excellent documentary, packed with ...
 Even though i am slightly older than the recom...
 George Barry's "Death Bed: The Bed That Eats" ...
 The gang is back for more! Ron Howard and Cind...
 Six for the price of one! So it is a bonanza t...
 Police, investigations, murder, suspicion: we ...
 Another American Pie movie has been shoved dow...
 The comparisons between the 1995 version and t...
 Altioklar's populist approach manifests itself...
 What's up with Robert "Pretentious" Altman? Wa...
 In keeping with Disney's well-known practice o...
 I had a lot of hopes for this movie and so wat...
 A movie that tries hard to say something and g...
 Amateur, no budget films can be surprisingly g...
 The acting in the film is really well done hon...
 China O'Brien (1990) was an attempt to make Cy...
 The King Maker is a film about a series of rea...
 Jay Chou plays an orphan raised in a kung fu s...
 The Good Thing about this movie: The concept i...
 Anywhere But Here is not exactly anything new,...
 This film is one of those that has a resoundin...
 To quote one critic's review of the movie, "it...
 I've seen 'NSNA' just after I've seen all Roge...
 In Iran, women are not permitted to attend men...
 Robin Williams shows his stand-up talents and ...
 This absolute trash is based so closely on the...
 To many people, Beat Street has inspired their...
 The biggest problem that the TV program Key We...
 After reading through many of the reviews, I d...
 Paul Reiser is one of my favorite people in sh...
 Stifler, has finished running his naked mile a...
 This is an OK adaptation, but not as good as t...
 Although not the most technically advanced fil...
 I'm big into acting, writing, and directing, b...
 I bought this DVD for my young son who loves t...
 This is one of the worst films I've seen in ye...
 This is the worst film I've seen in a looooong...
 Take a look at those faces alongside the entra...
 I saw this movie in sixth grade around Christm...
 This is really a terrible film by any of the r...
 If you are wondering where many of the conspir...
 A March 1947 New York Times article described ...
 This Movie was Great and Funny. Pauly is Funny...
 Seriously engaging, intelligent and thought pr...
 In complete contrast to the opinions of the ot...
 When a friend gave me a boxed set of "12 Amazi...
 "Deliverance" is a dead-on example of what won...
 Absolutely one of the worst movies of the year...
 The reason why people say that this movie scar...
 I have just managed to get hold of the Celesti...
 I honestly have to say that I could not stop w...
 We laughed our heads off. This script is so in...
 me and a coupla friends form university - albe...
 In the 1930s, Hal Roach Studios was on top of ...
 Well.....I wouldn't want to lecture anybody bu...
 Rented this tonite from my local video store. ...
 To be honest I knew what to expect before I wa...
 Madhur from CHANDNI BAR started making realist...
 Corniness Warning. As many fellow IMDb users a...
 A trite fish-out-of-water story about two frie...
 Some movies are not for everyone. This accurat...
 In an attempt to cash in on the success of Uni...
 Well, i thought the movie was blah 1/10.<br />...
 IVAN (Marco Ricca) and GILBERTO (Alexandre Bor...
 I sat through this at GenCon only because it w...
 Flesh Feast starts at Miami Airport, ace repor...
 The John Van Druten Broadway hit is brought to...
 Big disappointment. CLASH BY NIGHT is much to ...
 Loved today's show!!! It was a variety and not...
 This is without a doubt one of the best movies...
 I had high hopes for Troy and I am so bitterly...
 The first half of this version was the best I'...
 With WWII over, movie studios quickly rushed t...
 VAMPYRES <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.85:1<br /...
 If you are a six-year-old boy who's into dinos...
 You know those films that have you trapped in ...
 I don't even understand what they tried to acc...
 Five Fingers relies heavily on barbaric, shock...
 This is one of the best Jodie Foster movies ou...
 When just days away before the film's premiere...
 The movie starts quite with an intriguing scen...
 When In Rome is a definite improvement on Gett...
 Watching That Lady In Ermine I was wondering w...
 Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends...
 It's depressing to see where Jackie Chan has e...
 I rated this film 7/10 which is an average of ...
 This film stinks more than limburger cheese! I...
 As everyone knows by now, 15 Park Avenue is th...
 This is movie is actually one of my all time f...
 Although the plot of Cover Girl is very flimsy...
 That is quite an outdated movie which aims to ...
 A youth gets a bad hair day, goes out on a hil...
 Well, you might not actually SEE any women in ...
 photography was too jumpy to follow. dark scen...
 What's that there in the skies? Is it a plane?...
 The second of the Why We Fight Series concentr...
 Full House came to me when I was about 9. I re...
 Oh, this is such a glorious musical. There's a...
 This movie wastes virtually every actor's tale...
 This movie is so good I could watch it all day...
 Excellent pirate entertainment! It has all the...
 I really can't remember who recommended this, ...
 I must give credit to Billy Dee for trying to ...
 In a performance both volatile and graceful, A...
 The growth of tax funds and sale-and-leaseback...
 To begin with its a rip off of the Japanese fi...
 Dreadful! A friend of mine (who obviously thou...
 I really loved this original screenplay and th...
 Thursday is clearly derivative of the 'new wav...
 Great ensemble cast but unfortunately a bunch ...
 The folks at Disney have a lot to explain. Fir...
 A single mom,her son and daughter and their hi...
 I was waiting to welcome Arnold Schwarzeneger'...
 This movie is about pathetic, spoiled, ego-dri...
 The acting is excellent in this film, with som...
 This is a brilliant and well made contribution...
 Everything about this film is hog wash. Pitifu...
 This movie was almost intolerable to sit throu...
 The trailer to this film focused so much on th...
 Wow - Thank god I was on an airplane and could...
 If you haven't seen ZOMBIE BLOODBATH, you have...
 I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, except ci...
 So fortunate were we to see this fantastic fil...
 Someone must have been seriously joking when t...
 Just Before dawn is an excellent horror movie....
 A strange role for Eddie Murphy to take at the...
 This latter-day Fulci schlocker is a totally a...
 If you had asked me how the movie was througho...
 Well I must say this is probably the worst fil...
 The 74th Oscars was a very good one. Whoopi's ...
 Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lo...
 I can't see the point in burying a movie like ...
 David Mamet's film debut has been hailed by ma...
 This is the best thing Burt Reynolds ever did ...
 Combine good casting, bad writing, good orches...
 I absolutely LOVED this Soap. It has been one ...
 This is truly awful, the feeblest attempt at a...
 A demented scientist girlfriend is decapitated...
 J Carol Nash and Ralph Morgan star in a movie ...
 Gary Busey is the title character, Frank "Bull...
 A good example of reversed, politically correc...
 I had to read I Know Why The Caged Birds Sing ...
 Where to begin? Anachronism? High tech cross b...
 The best Cheech & Chong movie so far!! Of all ...
 This is a terrible production of Bartleby, tho...
 I didn't know anything about this DVD when I h...
 John Huston's Wise Blood was a more horrifying...
 I was hoping for some sort of in-depth backgro...
 A very suspenseful giallo from the director of...
 this is a visual adaptation of manga with very...
 I agree with all aforementioned comments. This...
 I have always wanted to see the movie because ...
 The Coen's strike again. I had no presuppositi...
 In case you dear readers never heard, this mov...
 A handful of nonprofessional actors are terror...
 It seems like this is the only film that John ...
 This is an adaptation of an Edith Wharton work...
 I'm only rating this film as a 3 out of pity b...
 A while back I bought the Chinese box set of F...
 To think this film was made the year I was bor...
 Shintarô Katsu, best known for the Zatôichi fi...
 This movie sucked. The problem was not with th...
 Judging by the hype, and other reviews on this...
 It does come out of left field, and REALLY isn...
 ***1/2 Pierce Brosnan, Greg Kinnear, Hope Davi...
 In New York, in a morning close to Christmas, ...
 When the Legends Die is a powerful, moving sto...
 I went to see this movie expecting a nice rela...
 Writer/director John Milius takes a little-kno...
 Like most musicals of the era, one must check ...
 I thought that The sentinel was going to be a ...
 Sometimes, changes to novels when they're made...
 honestly.. this show warms my heart, i watch i...
 I really enjoyed "Random Hearts". It was shock...
 The magnetism radiated from Elvira, drawing he...
 Sweeping drama with great sets, costumes and p...
 ERROL FLYNN had one of his favorite roles as t...
 Well, what to say...<br /><br />Having seen th...
 It's amazing to think that this movie came out...
 Not the funniest movie ever.....but I have to ...
 I saw this on TV so long ago that I can't reme...
 Someone said that WEBS is a lot like an episod...
 When I heard that this movie was coming out th...
 Could easily have been better. In fact maybe s...
 I have very fond memories of this film, as I s...
 I was very excited about seeing this film, ant...
 I watched this movie after seeing it on Broadw...
 Since I had loved the Inspector Gadget cartoon...
 I wonder how someone could diss on this movie....
 Who knew they could be so funny?? Christopher ...
 This film was pure pain. Sitting in the theate...
 'Rise of the Footsoldier' follows the unrelent...
 i have rated this movie a 1/10 and have done t...
 When Las Vegas came out one review described t...
 Absolutely awful movie. Utter waste of time.<b...
 Alien Warrior (or King of The Streets) is one ...
 Drug runner Archie Moses introduces his friend...
 Apart from the fact that this film was made ( ...
 as an inspiring director myself, this movie wa...
 I notice that the previous reviewer (who appea...
 After seeing the Harry Potter movies, I've bee...
 The IMDB plot summary erroneously makes it sou...
 "Victor doesn't have much, but that's not stop...
 Trailers of this movie may show scenes of viol...
 I entered the theater to Sky Captain in 2004 e...
 At first look of the plot tagline I figured it...
 Writer/Director Bart Sibrel bases his work her...
 Although properly warned I actually sat down t...
 Some of those guys that watch films and compla...
 After some of the negative reviews i heard on ...
 I agree that Mary Woronov (Murdoch's secretary...
 This one gets better with each new look. Certa...
 Movie didn't have much plot and was uninterest...
 This is a film that revolves around two myster...
 This is a phenomenal movie. Truly one of the b...
 Although copies of this movie are hard to find...
 "More", maybe, is mostly remembered for the ex...
 I've never made one of these before, but this ...
 This is NOT as bad a movie as some reviewers, ...
 Imagine the worst skits from Saturday Night Li...
 I write this after just seeing the latest epis...
 A lot of people in the cinema enjoyed this fil...
 From the blocky digitised footage to the actin...
 Every time this film is on the BBC somebody in...
 This gripping tale of intergenerational love, ...
 MASSIVE SPOILERS AHEAD! OK the movie in a nuts...
 The quintessential Georgian film of Georgi Dan...
 After 2 years of using this site for movie rev...
 Just a stilted rip-off of the infinitely bette...
 Yes, Shakespeare would indeed have been proud....
 I must say it was a let down. Overall its grea...
 This docu-drama is what you would expect from ...
 This is one of the many Techno-phobic movies t...
 I'll start by admitting that I enjoy many movi...
 By the time it opened, "Heaven's Gate" had bec...
 Explores the frontiers of extreme boredom. Lif...
 This show is based on the concept that loud + ...
 I heard this film was much more stylistic than...
 "Saratoga Trunk" is a 1945 film starring Ingri...
 At least if you're a Disney fanatic (well, of ...
 I first saw a poster advertising this film on ...
 "I have looked into the eye of this island, an...
 Recycled and predictable plot. The characters ...
 Vampires Vs. Zombies wasn't the original title...
 A great concept, a great cast, and what a pity...
 But George and Gracie's are not among them. Th...
 This film is much the same as Cannibal Holocau...
 Faith and Mortality... viewed through the lens...
 "Maléfique" is an example of how a horror film...
 Some describe CALIGULIA as "the" most controve...
 'The Rookie' was a wonderful movie about the s...
 I ve finished seeing the movie 10 minutes ago....
 What is your freaking problem? Do you have not...
 With the badly injured Tony in an induced coma...
 It is very possible that I simply didn't give ...
 On seeing this movie, I didn't expect much. I ...
 Just plain good old stupid. <br /><br />I mean...
 A stunningly well-made film, with exceptional ...
 I always enjoy seeing movies that make you thi...
 First of all, I know almost nothing about rugb...
 If you have ever been, has a friend, or a kid ...
 I liked this probably slightly more than Terro...
 What can you say about a film that makes "The ...
 I always wanted to see this film and when I fi...
 John Water's ("Pink Flamingos"...) "Pecker" is...
 In the light of the recent typhoon that hit th...
 Aro Tolbukhin burnt alive seven people in a Mi...
 As I sit and think about Poison for the Fairie...
 It occurred to me while the final scene of the...
 This is a strange sex comedy because there`s v...
 Oh so beautiful, oh so tearful and so gut-wren...
 I've become a big fan of the Carpenters, and I...
 Yeah, it's a chick flick and it moves kinda sl...
 Peter O'Toole is a treat to watch in roles whe...
 I absolutely love all of Tom Robbins books, so...
 This movie is a nice, cute family oriented fil...
 This film is justly famous as one of the most ...
 Barney and Friends is probably the worst kids ...
 Director Kevin Connor and wannabe action-hero ...
 Hellboy revolves around classic comic book/act...
 The Tooth Fairy is set in a small town somewhe...
 Charlie Chaplin's Little Tramp or Little Man c...
 If you loved the 1993 (erotic, sci-fiction)cyb...
 Perry Mason: The Case of the Glass Coffin find...
 Although this film put Davis on the map due to...
 The bad out takes from "Reign of Fire" strung ...
 Now, I've seen many many B-grade films in my 1...
 Were it not for the fact that this came as a 2...
 Just saw this movie today at the Seattle Inter...
 Skip McCoy is a three time loser pick pocket, ...
 Rich vs. poor. Big city vs. small town. White ...
 This movie was so awful, so boring, so badly m...
 Just finished watching this movie for maybe th...
 Both Killjoy 1 and Killjoy 2 stunk, but the fi...
 <br /><br />Spoilers<br /><br />I'm going to b...
 This movie was awful, plain and simple! The an...
 "The Thing About my Folks" came in as a surpri...
 They say that it is always better in horror mo...
 i loved catcher in the rye, it happens to be m...
 I saw it last night and I was laughing out lou...
 I agree with the majority of the comments I ha...
 Five fingers of death: Although previous Shaw ...
 May the saints preserve us, because this movie...
 A girl begins to notice that people in her sma...
 An original uncensored print of this amazing f...
 In a word...magical. And SO incredibly real. V...
 My goodness. This movie really really shows th...
 This may be one of the worst movies to ever ma...
 I am a big fan of the movie, but not for the u...
 Though I like E.E. "Doc" Smith's books and Dav...
 Why was this film made? Even keeping in mind t...
 Man, I really find it hard to believe that the...
 Stan & Ollie become SAPS AT SEA when their way...
 First of all, Ed Wood Jr. is not the worst dir...
 This 1988 movie was shown recently on a cable ...
 Seriously, I mean very seriously, when I first...
 One must admit, that Dev has an eye for beauty...
 I rented this back in the 80's and honestly ca...
 You know how Star Trek fans flocked to all the...
 For anyone who may not know what a one-actor m...
 Williamson's accent is tough to wade through. ...
 PRC which was the lowest of the low actually s...
 I sat through this turkey because I hadn't see...
 The subject of this movie is disturbing. How c...
 In the days before gore and sex took over, rea...
 Lauren Bacall was living through husband Humpr...
 According to IMDb, as well as to every other w...
 Alright lets break it down. Why is this one of...
 This is one of four 1970s movies by TV writer ...
 This movie is a gem! It is the story of Juliet...
 Oh Sex Lives of the Potato Men, what foul demo...
 Little did I know that when I signed up the th...
 I'm getting a little tired of people misusing ...
 Woah! Is one thing I can say about this movie....
 Why take a show that millions of us watched an...
 Yes, I know, Roscoe Arbuckle didn't like to be...
 TYSON <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.33:1<br /><b...
 Feeding The Masses was just another movie tryi...
 When I first read Hamlet, I couldn't help but ...
 The Knowledge is a typical British comedy for ...
 Time travel is theoretical, so I can give the ...
 **Possible Spoilers** Three young people on th...
 There was such a hype about a game show with B...
 The real Best Picture of 1947 also deals with ...
 Some of the acknowledged Altman "masterpieces"...
 Whatever the merits of the film, it is poorly ...
 Well to start off I was like, wow this is new,...
 Not so many people like the movies of Bertrand...
 Back in the 60's, this grim study of Joy, a yo...
 Wow, this movie is amazing. It is such an exce...
 A true stand out episode from season 1 is what...
 I thought this would be a fun comedy with no s...
 What's there to say about "Pink Flamingos"? It...
 Spending an hour seeing this brilliant Dan Fin...
 What can I say?? This movie has it all...Roman...
 SCARECROWS seems to be a botched horror meets ...
 What I liked best about this feature-length an...
 <br /><br />Giorgino is a strange, dark, obses...
 And I'm serious! Truly one of the most fantast...
 The movie is made in a style that resembles Lo...
 Some people have made a point of dissing this ...
 A sentimental story with a sentimental sound t...
 i can't believe that NONE of the official revi...
 The original "les visiteurs" was original, hil...
 I just saw "Everything is Illuminated" at the ...
 For the record, I am not affiliated with the p...
 This movie tackles child abduction from the po...
 After five years in prison, Tony le Stéphanois...
 Here's another Antonioni that will be rediscov...
 THE SOPRANOS (1999-2007)<br /><br />Number 1 -...
 The problem with this movie is that it is shot...
 NVA combines eastalgia-humor, military comedy ...
 I picked up this movie in the hope it would be...
 6/10 Acting, not great but some good acting.<b...
 i love bed knobs and broomsticks so much that ...
 An actress making a movie in Africa is kidnapp...
 The basic hook here is: Lincoln Is Slow. It is...
 ** out of **** stars<br /><br />Let's see...14...
 Ok, where to start. I can't believe how many g...
 Some famous stories are prone to being moved t...
 first of all let's start out by saying that Ro...
 This film is pure Elvira and shows her at her ...
 One of the best movie-dramas I have ever seen....
 This film Oh my god this film is so poor , I'm...
 My wife and I have watched this movie twice. B...
 To me, this movie was just plain confusing, sl...
 I'm new to Argento's work, and if this and Sus...
 A talking parrot isn't a hugely imaginative id...
 Mr. Kennedy should stop ExPeRiMeNtIng with bad...
 Passport to Pimlico is a real treat for all fa...
 Professor Paul Steiner is doing research in ma...
 Curse of the Wolf starts as reluctant Werewolf...
 I was glad to watch this movie free of charge ...
 In Dublin, the crippled rebel Rory O'Shea (Jam...
 I just saw this film last night at Toronto Fil...
 This is by far the worst ever 'horror' movie, ...
 Ridiculous horror film about a wealthy man (Jo...
 Based on a True Story . . .<br /><br />The pre...
 I first saw BLOOD OF THE SAMURAI at its premie...
 Gilmore Girls is my favorite TV show of all ti...
 Hillary Swank is an unattractive piece of work...
 I loved this movie the first time I saw it. It...
 Another movie with a star of a wrestling. So f...
 I watched part one two days ago and today I sa...
 The main cast:<br /><br />Vlastimil Brodský .....
 8 Simple Rules is a funny show but it also has...
 I won't lie, I rented this film because it was...
 Like almost everyone, I am familiar with the m...
 This is a 100% improvement over the dross of a...
 I have seen this wonderful production, and I w...
 I watch a lot of Vampire movies. I KNOW vampir...
 The Flock is unjustly maligned as a lesser "Se...
 Steven Seagal is a thief who specializes in ro...
 Hines and Goforth, the perpetrators of this cr...
 I saw this movie in 1959 when I was 11 years o...
 If you take the Huxtable parents and blend the...
 i watched the longer version and could not tak...
 Hunk of trash only the Full Moon Studios could...
 German emigree and uber-hambone actor Paul Mun...
 people claim its edited funny but they had to ...
 This is one creepy movie. Creepier than anythi...
 Jordan takes us into the seedy crime side of S...
 Okay wait let me get this street, there are ac...
 This is by far my favorite film of all time. T...
 REVOLT OF THE ZOMBIES (2 outta 5 stars) No, th...
 At least among those movies with 100 votes or ...
 I rented this movie under the impression that ...
 Surreal film noir released soon after the "rea...
 A very funny movie. Michael Douglas' "do" is w...
 Peter O'Toole gives a brilliant performance in...
 This was a dreadful, boring movie, even for a ...
 I have read several good reviews that have def...
 Considering its pedigree, this should be a far...
 The comments of the previous user are harsh in...
 Finally a thriller which omits the car chases,...
 The main complaint with this film is the fact ...
 THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS.<br /><br />I have rare...
 The significance of French title of this film,...
 This is a god awful Norris film, with one of t...
 If you ever see a stand up comedy movie this i...
 I got myself a copy of this film thinking it w...
 Cinderella is a beautiful young woman who is t...
 This movie has one redeeming feature. At one p...
 A group of four young men, attending a prestig...
 I was pretty enthusiastic about seeing this mo...
 This movie basically uses spousal rape as one ...
 Sigh I sincerely wonder why all the acclaimed...
 The widower family man Dan Burns (Steve Carell...
 Skilled professionals live it up in an exotic ...
 Can a mentally challenged black youth be a cat...
 This is both an entertaining and a touching ve...
 Ok i know the original Ghoulies aren't in this...
 This is a romantic comedy where Albert Einstei...
 With one of my very favorite actors, James Spa...
 You can't help but marvel at Hitchcock's early...
 This is a really great film! It gets you think...
 If you haven't seen this obscure little charme...
 This movie was rented by a friend. Her choice ...
 The Railway Children was on TV again this week...
 this was a thoughtful and well-shot and direct...
 The movie was very good when it came out, I at...
 The only time I have seen this movie was when ...
 Man on fire, is definitely one of the best dra...
 Overall, I thought it a very nice movie - I ha...
 Woody Allen has made some of the greatest come...
 I love the frequently misnomered "Masters of H...
 There were at least a half dozen silent-film v...
 I feel Monarch Cove was one of the best writte...
 IT IS A PIECE OF CRAP! not funny at all. durin...
 Best-selling horror novelist Cheryl (a solid a...
 And that's saying a lot. Rent this if you want...
 Wow... what... a whirlwind. The 30's is a deca...
 Four words account for why this film was made ...
 Stewart's age didn't bother me at all in this ...
 or: It's a bird ? It's a plane ? No, look... I...
 As far as Spaghetti Westerns go, I'd put This ...
 I wasn't even born when this series was releas...
 boring stuff we got here. His 5 minute shorts ...
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever se...
 This film reminded me so much of "A History of...
 I have vague memories of this movie being funn...
 This is perhaps the worst movie I have ever se...
 I have to finish watching a movie once I start...
 i've seen a movie thats sort of like this, wer...
 All the hype! All the adds! I was bummed that ...
 My children, DD 7 and DS 10, enjoyed the movie...
 Having watched this film years ago, it never f...
 I have seen the film a few days back on a vide...
 The implausibility of the plot has been noted ...
 Plot:<br /><br />- A Chair from EBay<br /><br ...
 Scott's collection of 80's icons cannot save t...
 This is officially the terrible, boring, corny...
 I watched fantabulosa! because over the last f...
 There is no director I like more than Mamoru O...
 Anna lives with her family in a new housing es...
 I first flicked onto the LoG accidentally one ...
 After being sent to prison for no less then 10...
 In 1930,Europe received quite a shock when Lui...
 What do you get when you have bad acting, bad ...
 The film had NO help at all, promotion-wise: i...
 I finally have seen the real reason why Peter ...
 Where to begin. This movie started out as some...
 I thought that Mr. Dreyfuss was perfect for hi...
 When setting out this film, director Mary Harr...
 Ali G was funny at first. His interviews were ...
 Surface is one of the best shows that I have e...
 What is it about the French? First, they (appa...
 This movie has problems in its presentation, m...
 A long film about a very important character f...
 **Possible Spoilers**<br /><br />This straight...
 This sad little film bears little similarity t...
 Crash is supposed to be a film about racism in...
 This movie is complex and interesting in so ma...
 Harry Langdon's "Saturday Afternoon" is often ...
 Had placed this on my TIVO for a rainy day due...
 Rated R for Strong Language,Violent Content an...
 I only gave this nine stars instead of ten bec...
 When I borrowed this movie from a friend (than...
 I wasn't expecting to much of this movie when ...
 A waste of time, talent and shelf space, this ...
 I am a big fan of British films in general but...
 This is the absolutely worst piece of crap I'v...
 Well I just paid a dollar for a DVD of this mo...
 The game of hockey I play and watch has someth...
 Awkward disaster mishmash has a team of scaven...
 THE DEADLY MANTIS certainly won't scare any on...
 Race Against Fear has to be one of the most mo...
 It was inferred by a previous poster that the ...
 It was simple and yet so nice. I think the who...
 This film entered production before WW2 began,...
 man was this hard to watch! it was not at all ...
 Sexo Cannibal, or Devil Hunter as it's more co...
 This is without question one of the worst movi...
 Although Lang's version is more famous,Borzage...
 If you really loved GWTW, you will find quite ...
 In the seemingly endless quest to find well ma...
 Even with all the cinema dealing with the trau...
 Seems everyone in this film is channeling Wood...
 Never have I seen a movie like this; didn't pl...
 I'm amazed that of all the reviews I've looked...
 If it were possible to award a 10+ .... this w...
 Revolution is a terrible movie, I don't care i...
 I would perhaps give 6 or 7 to this propaganda...
 It really isn't hard to understand this movie!...
 Will Smith is one of the best actors of all ti...
 I usually comment only on movies that I like, ...
 This was obviously the worst movie ever made.....
 I've watched hundreds of kung fu movies and I'...
 I liked the initial premise to this film which...
 What a terrible misfire. Not only the title bu...
 I was extraordinarily impressed by this film. ...
 This movie is sort of similar to "Better Off D...
 You can't imagine how I looked forward to King...
 I was attracted to this movie when I looked at...
 i really liked the film.at ending i was in tea...
 It is so bad, I can not tear myself away. I ke...
 This series premiered on the cable TV station ...
 The pioneering Technicolor Cinematography (Win...
 Sherlock Holmes films from the classic Univers...
 While many pass this off as a B movie it is, i...
 Ostensibly a film that predicts the coming tre...
 I was recommended this film as one of the best...
 This is an Emperor's New Clothes situation. So...
 Maybe it is unfair for me to review this movie...
 Taking its cues from backwoods classics Delive...
 Of course, the original is better, but this is...
 This is a great movie for the true romantics a...
 The Cure is an outstanding real-life drama tha...
 This is not a good film.<br /><br />I can usua...
 Well, I watched this film expecting to be roll...
 Shrek, anyone? Well, imagine Shrek in the ice ...
 MAJOR SPOILERS!! THIS IS FOR PEOPLE WHO HAVE S...
 It doesn't take balls to make-fun of retarded ...
 The Battleship Potemkin is now the oldest film...
 I am one of those people that respect every fi...
 I don't watch a lot of TV, except for The Offi...
 I knew that 'Evening' was a girlie film, so I ...
 Since Douglas MacArthur affected more human li...
 Not everyone likes this movie. It is still one...
 That's a bad, raunchy, predictable, tacky, sal...
 I do not expect this film to be well understoo...
 I saw this movie in NEW York city. I was waiti...
 This film was strongly recommended by a friend...
 Lost is the best TV series there is.First of a...
 I rented this movie from blockbuster on a whim...
 ...without anything to walk away with. This mo...
 Since the title is in English and IMDb lists t...
 Interesting to read comments by viewers regard...
 The quote I used for my summary occurs about h...
 I cant believe some people actually like this....
 This was included on the disk "Shorts: Volume ...
 Aksar is an awful movie. The script, the story...
 The second Care Bears movie is immensely bette...
 I saw Brigadoon on TV last night (12 Sept 2009...
 Lubitsch's last production but not his least i...
 Andy Milligan, the independent movie maker fro...
 In the '70s, Charlton Heston starred in sci-fi...
 I should know better. I've seen too many of Ro...
 Has to be one of the worst wastes of 35mm movi...
 If you haven't seen "The War at Home", let me ...
 Oh my God what the hell happened here?!! I'm n...
 In 2151, in Broken Bow, Oklahoma, a farmer sho...
 After clocking up five seasons on the small sc...
 How could they take such a beautifully animate...
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen. Ever...
 Having never heard of this film until I saw th...
 This must be accompanied by a special rating a...
 I'm not ruining anything when I inform you tha...
 Despite some moments in heavy rain, an encount...
 I read comments about this being the best Chin...
 The plot and characters are ridiculous and bar...
 From producer/writer/Golden Globe nominated di...
 You got to go and dig those holes. Holes only ...
 This movie is just lame. A total waste of time...
 "Sweeney Todd" is in my opinion one of a few "...
 In this satire of the commercialization and 'l...
 Bad dialog, slow story, scenes that drag on an...
 Let me start by saying you know a film is poor...
 I find it rather useless to comment on this "m...
 While not quite as monstrously preposterous as...
 Yong-ki Jeong's "Puppet Master only with scary...
 Four stories about the drug trade in Europe be...
 Okay, if you discount the production value, th...
 This "TFTD" episode from season one titled iro...
 I thought this would be a sequel to the origin...
 "The Notorious Bettie Page" is about a woman w...
 it really is terrible, from start to finish yo...
 There is not much of a plot to this movie. The...
 This movie is a muddled mish-mash of clichés f...
 This is the best work i have ever seen on tele...
 <br /><br />Summary: Not worth the film<br /><...
 A bit too much Mediterrenean machismo for me. ...
 I really enjoyed BG Seasons 1-3 and really cou...
 On monday, earlier this week, sometime in July...
 In Mexico this movie was aired only in PayTV. ...
 There have been some harsh criticisms of Coman...
 I am so upset that ABC is giving up on yet ano...
 This movie is hilarious. I would say much more...
 This film tells the true story of escaped blac...
 I just read the comments of TomReynolds2004 an...
 If you're a a fan of either or both Chuck Norr...
 As I mentioned in other comments, I became a r...
 Despite having known people who are either gre...
 A novel by Remarque. A cast that looks great o...
 Like some other people wrote, I'm a die-hard m...
 I was blubbing like an idiot during the last t...
 An ensemble of uninteresting and unlikeable ch...
 Im a huge M Lillard fan that's why I ended up ...
 I registered just to make this comment (which ...
 This movie contains personalities that so deli...
 I had the distinct misfortune of catching up o...
 Ray Charles Robinson (Jamie Foxx) is a extreme...
 The director Godfrey Reggio must be a very cha...
 Great music, but ain't these people PATHETIC?!...
 As others have said, "No, Luciano" is a more a...
 "Pecker" is a young, unknown photographer from...
 Meatballs has been a main staple in my family ...
 Wow! This movie is almost too bad for words. O...
 Stephen Sondheim's SWEENEY TODD: THE DEMON BAR...
 Unreal !!!!!!!!. After reading the initial rev...
 My brain was screaming "why do you keep watchi...
 Man with the Screaming Brain is a story of gre...
 This movie may bear some historical importance...
 Until now, the worst movie I had ever seen was...
 I have seen this movie but not in a single sit...
 Hercules the Avenger is by far the best single...
 The Thief of Bagdad is a treasure. First and f...
 About 12 minutes into the song, in the scene w...
 I have read the other comment about this movie...
 After having seen Deliverance, movies like Pul...
 This isn't art, it's inner-urban, politically-...
 ...dont read any plot summaries because in wor...
 So I was sick with the flu one Saturday and th...
 So don't even think about renting this from th...
 This was a horrible film! I gave it 2 Points, ...
 It's hard to believe an "action" packed Jet Li...
 'Carolina Moon' is an adequate made-for-TV mov...
 I tried to like this movie. I love Kevin Space...
 This is a ripsnorting, old-fashioned adventure...
 I wanted to read the other comments before lea...
 for a movie like this little hidden gem to com...
 An excellent example of "cowboy noir", as it's...
 This film is like a dirge. UNTIL it gets to mu...
 One of the ten best comedies ever <br /><br />...
 George Lopez is a funny man even without the s...
 Being American, I have not been exposed to thi...
 I saw this film 2 weeks prior to going on a sn...
 At first sight, I must say already, watch The ...
 I'm not sure how the IMDb "weighted average" c...
 I was lucky enough to get a DVD copy of this m...
 Both visually and musically stunning. A treat ...
 I was going to bed with my gf last night, and ...
 The British noble Sir Ronald Burton (Richard G...
 hello everyone, all i have to say is that Huma...
 The "all I have is 5 dollars and my wedding ri...
 Leave it to geniuses like Ventura Pons, the Sp...
 After "Star Wars: A New Hope" redefined scienc...
 The Messengers is a bad,generic and boring ''h...
 In the glory days of the 90s (god rest its sou...
 Generally I don't like films directed by Sydne...
 I saw this film with a live performance by the...
 Alter Egos do not come funnier than the creati...
 Terrible movie. Nuff Said.<br /><br />These Li...
 I initially tuned in to Paranormal State becau...
 I ended up watching this whole (very long) mov...
 Gary Cooper and a marshal change identities, s...
 The primary aspect of this film which most peo...
 Could possibly be the worst film ever made. At...
 This reminds me of when I was a born-again bel...
 I have seen many, many productions of The Nutc...
 The documentary revolves around Eva Mozes Kor,...
 Fine performances and art direction do not a g...
 I didn't know what to expect from this hugely ...
 How can you sum up just exactly how feelgood a...
 Jammin' the Blues is an Oscar-nominated short ...
 I caught this movie late at night on cable, an...
 Honestly I am not THAT impressed by it, it's n...
 OK, so I know better than to watch movies on S...
 Look, some film has got to the be worst ever. ...
 Though this is a good, enjoyable cartoon, they...
 Well Wright may have made a gritty depiction o...
 Film starts with 3 people meeting each other i...
 Wasn't quite sure what to expect with this one...
 Seagal was way off the mark with this film. I'...
 Jack Black is an annoying character.This is an...
 Who ever came up with story is one sick person...
 This film, with only two characters, takes you...
 Footlight Parade is among the best of the 1930...
 This is a bottom of the barrel type of B-film ...
 Both Jackie and Candice are terrific in this m...
 Man, this was hilarious. It should be under CO...
 Rocketship X-M should be viewed by any serious...
 well, this is an Ivan Reitman film. with the r...
 I saw this film tonight in NYC at the Landmark...
 I saw and have the original 1959 black and whi...
 Dark Remains is a home run plain and simple. T...
 For Daniel Auteuil, `Queen Margot' was much be...
 The Van is a feelgood movie about a guy who tr...
 Just a few words: it's a good thing George A R...
 I knew I was in for a LONG 90 minutes when the...
 This movie is one exception of the rule that a...
 Legendary pop star Steve Alaimo ("Don't Let th...
 I have to admit, I'm not a big fan of Satanic ...
 Given the people involved, it is hard to see w...
 Don't worry when looking at the cover of the D...
 ROUEN PRIZES AND THE TRIUMPH OF "VILLA PARANOI...
 Unless you are geeky film student who has to s...
 We viewed the vcr and found it to be fascinati...
 this has to be one of the best and most useful...
 In this glorious telling of a weekend shared a...
 This is, by all categories, the best movie I h...
 This film is an absolute classic for camp. Tha...
 The kind of B-movies from the 1950's that were...
 Dreadful horror sequel to "The Howling". This ...
 After I saw this I concluded that it was most ...
 So I finally saw the film "My Left Foot" last ...
 This movie blew me away - I have only seen two...
 While the prices have gone up a lot, and some ...
 Well, I've just seen Buster Keaton's film debu...
 Simply one of the best ever! Richard Brooks' a...
 Just watched this early Bugs Bunny (first time...
 This movie was the worst movie I've ever seen....
 "Going Berserk" is actually one of the funnies...
 "World's Finest" is an unique project. It's a ...
 A boy and a girl is chased by a local warrior ...
 Errol Flynn had quite a gift for comedy that w...
 Brain of Blood starts as Abdul Amir (Reed Hadl...
 If you value your freedom!<br /><br />I first ...
 Do not miss this picture that defies ages. Wit...
 The only reason i didn't delete this movie aft...
 Not much actually happens in this movie. There...
 The only reason for me for watching this littl...
 This 1919 to 1933 Germany looks hardly like a ...
 Operation Scorpio (AKAThe Scorpion King) doesn...
 This is one of the funniest movies I've seen i...
 I picked this film up from the local Family Vi...
 I have seen and liked the original film, and e...
 I was probably one of the few Australians not ...
 I think I laughed twice. The line where the ma...
 ...that the Bette Davis version of this film w...
 POSSIBLY VERY MINOR SPOILERS<br /><br />This m...
 I didn't expect to like this film as much as I...
 The unthinkable has happened. Having first wit...
 SPOILER ALERT!!!!<br /><br />I don't go into '...
 I have to admit, I picked this movie just for ...
 SPOILERS WITHIN.<br /><br />It appears that vo...
 A wonderful film version of the best-selling b...
 Even people who dislike the film, usually beca...
 I loved this film!! I have been waiting for th...
 I was expecting this to be the same kind of sc...
 Considering its popularity, I found this movie...
 I've read a lot of comments about the film and...
 I am truly beginning to believe that Seagal is...
 "Delusion" is what you experience when you wat...
 Nothing really unpredictable in this movie, bu...
 What movie is this??? A horrible movie with th...
 I love this movie, Jouvet, Arletty, Blier, Car...
 This was an 1970s-type irreverent comedy, poki...
 "More" is yet another addition into the countl...
 Have not watched kids films for some years, so...
 Rudy does it again with this hot off the stree...
 I gotta go with my boy Allen (who also reviewe...
 At last. Here's a movie that does as much for ...
 Despite the lavish production numbers and wond...
 Basically this is an overlong, unfunny, action...
 I saw this film at the Taos Film Festival last...
 Disappointing and undeniably dull true-crime m...
 I found this movie to be exciting right from t...
 David Cronenberg movies are easily identifiabl...
 What a fascinating film. Even if it wasn't bas...
 Rented the video for a slow Saturday night. Fi...
 This is a collection of documentaries that las...
 This movie deserved a working over on Mystery ...
 I don't buy kung fu movies for a plot. I buy t...
 What can I say about the series dubbed the NEW...
 With films like "Wallace & Gromit" and "Chicke...
 Overall it was a watchable movie. I didn't pau...
 I went in not knowing anything about this movi...
 This film reappeared on channel 13 in the 1990...
 I first saw "Breaking Glass" in 1980, and thou...
 OK. I'm biased. I live near Shrewsbury in Engl...
 Logged on to the imdb to say what a charming f...
 Made at the height of the Black Power movement...
 When I saw the trailers for this movie, it loo...
 This is one of the most unoriginal, cliche-rid...
 OK look this show is the worst show on nick@ n...
 This is not a very good movie, but it's not a ...
 tries to be funny and fails miserably. The ani...
 I loved this show so much and I'm so incredibl...
 To keep it as simple as possible. This is a ve...
 Of all the directors ever to sit behind a came...
 Based on the Elmore Leonard novel of the same ...
 WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS deserves to be a bette...
 How can you gather this respectable cast of yo...
 This is the first non-zombie subgenre review i...
 After a promising first 25 minutes that makes ...
 Philo Vance had many affinities with Bulldog D...
 Plot is not worth discussion even if it hints ...
 The main problem with "Power" is that it featu...
 Julie Waters is outstanding and Adrian Pasdar ...
 Critics and audiences both pretty much panned ...
 i'm really getting old,,am in the midst of wat...
 Mean spirited, and down right degrading adapta...
 Following the whirlwind success of The Wrestle...
 The Man from Snowy River II doesn't reinvent t...
 The comic banter between William Powell and Je...
 That's what the title should be, anyway.<br />...
 Very interesting to find another reviewer who ...
 The movie was awful. The production company sh...
 A young woman, Jodie Foster, is witnessing a m...
 Someone asked why it was canceled I tell you w...
 One of the first OVA's ("original video animat...
 The plot of this boils down to Ah-nuld versus ...
 This is superb - the acting wonderful, sets, c...
 This film could cure sleep disorders, thats ho...
 Last time I checked, the Nazis didn't win the ...
 I truly was disappointed by this film which I ...
 Visually disjointed and full of itself, the di...
 my wife is a fanatic as regards this show. Tha...
 Britain and France declared war on Germany in ...
 This is no art-house film, it's mainstream ent...
 I love the TV contest. Hate to see it end. The...
 Jim Carrey is good as usual, and even though t...
 Boston legal has turned its tail and is headed...
 I am currently 22 years old, and remember seei...
 I like this movie a lot, but it's a fact, that...
 The blame of this terrible flick lies with the...
 I just came back from the Late-night cinema an...
 I saw Winnie's Heffalump a couple of days ago....
 I think I usually approach film festival comed...
 This police procedural is no worse than many o...
 The Hollow is a wonderful murder mystery that ...
 The main problem I see with this film is its s...
 THE JIST: See something else.<br /><br />This ...
 "The Honkers" is probably Slim Pickens best pe...
 My family has watched Arthur Bach stumble and ...
 It's astonishing that some people saw this as ...
 It carries the tone of voice that narrates the...
 The first Disney animated film without the str...
 I've had a morbid fascination with tornadoes f...
 The reason why this movie sucks, have these pe...
 Well, I notice IMDB has not offered any plot i...
 GLORIFYING not GLAMORIZING World War II.<br />...
 I attended a screening of this film. Travolta ...
 Saw this last night at the 7th Annual NYC Home...
 This movie may be the best ever if you like wa...
 Paul Mazursky's Tempest - Interesting,odd and ...
 Giorgino is a long, excruciating journey from ...
 A tedious effort from not-yet great director B...
 I feel the movie did not portray Smith histori...
 Flat out the funniest spoof of pretentious art...
 Alone In The Dark is one BAD movie and tied wi...
 This is possibly the worst film I've ever seen...
 Shakespeare Behind Bars was a strangely uplift...
 I happened to catch this movie on cable one af...
 I saw this short film on HBO the other day and...
 Burt Kennedy both wrote & directed this wester...
 The film made no sense to me whatsoever. Good ...
 Tycoon will never be listed as one of John Way...
 This film illustrates the worst part of surviv...
 First, the obviousas a cop drama crossed with...
 The worst film I have seen in the last 12 mont...
 I don't know how to describe this movie. It's ...
 OK where do i begin?... This movie changed my ...
 I just didn't get this movie...Was it a musica...
 I wanted to like this film, yes its a SAW, bla...
 Barely three and a half years after just scrap...
 This Italian semi-horror movie starts out very...
 This movie is a shame especially considering A...
 I've always been a fan of Chuck Norris for wha...
 I laughed so much when I saw this film I nearl...
 I had to stop watching this film (a pseudo-int...
 1937's "Stella Dallas" with Barbara Stanwyck h...
 After watching Avalon (which was decent only b...
 This German horror film has to be one of the w...
 With these people faking so many shots, using ...
 A few weeks ago the German broadcaster "SAT1" ...
 This movie had a lot of ups & downs...The stor...
 Dad (78) and I (46) both had a good time watch...
 I saw this on cable recently and kinda enjoyed...
 You get a gift. It is exquisitely wrapped. The...
 Slow-moving ponderous movie with terrible acti...
 Wow! i think they made this movie to torture p...
 Just saw this movie, and what a waste of time....
 Francis Ford Coppola's first 'personal' film, ...
 Entertainment Tonight has been going down hill...
 when i was a child this was the movie i watche...
 When I saw this film at a festival years ago I...
 What's Good About It: Some inventive and genui...
 I just love Malle's documentaries. They are so...
 I had never seen this movie before it aired on...
 I couldn't give this film a bad rating or bad ...
 When I heard that the Dukes of Hazzard was goi...
 A bondage, humiliation, S&M show, and not much...
 I saw this movie alone when i was an early tee...
 I just couldn't stop laughing!! This movie is ...
 This was the first feature film for just about...
 I am coming out fighting here because this fil...
 <br /><br />Not only do alien visitors look ex...
 Another black comedy that won an Oscar for Bes...
 Once upon a time in a castle...... Two little ...
 A movie of outstanding brilliance and a poigna...
 I can't figure out how anyone can get a budget...
 Charming in every way, this film is perfect if...
 For real though, this game is where it's at. I...
 This was a good movie. It wasn't your typical ...
 Presenting Lily Mars is a real pleasant little...
 Licence fees to watch this trash, And pay for ...
 Wow, what a bad film. Not frightening in the l...
 This movie earned every one of the ten votes I...
 Pumpkinhead was in itself a decent 80s horror ...
 This story had a different angle that intrigue...
 I saw this film at the Chicago Reeling film fe...
 In this movie, the old Amitabh Bachchan falls ...
 In all, it took me three attempts to get throu...
 Scandinavians are pretty good at making me lau...
 "Pet Sematary" succeeds on two major situation...
 This series, while idealized and fictionalized...
 I was impressed by the story. It had the "typi...
 Always fancied this film from the video cover....
 An awful film; badly written, badly acted, cli...
 This film just goes to prove that not every fi...
 A mummy narrates vignettes about men, women, a...
 ...at least during its first half. If it had s...
 This is my favorite Jackie Chan movie and in a...
 Forget what I said about Emeril. Rachael Ray i...
 But a great cast! Jonathan Pryce, Kathy Bates,...
 I'm not sure how related they are, but I'm alm...
 I've got as much testosterone as the next blok...
 Touching Bollywood epic melodrama about a 10 y...
 Let me start out by saying that I am a huge fa...
 Until I did a Web search on "What Alice Found"...
 This was a random rental at the video store. B...
 What a great Barbara Stanwyck film that I happ...
 Well someone who enjoys traveling down the hig...
 Punishment Park is a brilliant piece of cinema...
 It's just one of those films, you're either lo...
 SPOILERS. Like other posters, I felt that the ...
 Laughably awful. One might think that all the ...
 "Campfire Tales" is basically made up of three...
 "Ship Ahoy" was probably made in order to show...
 This movie brought tears to my eyes; John Robe...
 Accepted is a 2006 teen flick that stars the g...
 The film attempts to be a mockumentary--shot i...
 I just saw "Of Human Bondage" for the first ti...
 The movie was very good. I'm an avid mystery f...
 Maybe here in Sydney we are all poop side down...
 It's amazing that from a good, though not wond...
 Where was this film when I was a kid? After hi...
 I just saw a terrible film called The Sleeping...
 This was painful. I made myself watch it until...
 This film was a new direction for Natalie Port...
 This movie is unbelievably ridiculous. I love ...
 This film is awful. Not offensive but extremel...
 I can't remember when I've seen a worse movie....
 'A Tale of Two Sisters', or 'Janghwa, Hongryeo...
 It was harrowingly close, but The China Syndro...
 "Curse of Michael Myers" is a very frustrating...
 Great music, great dancing, a sexy star (Swayz...
 Hollywood Hotel was the last movie musical tha...
 It's weird, this film; you get the impression ...
 There are so very few films where just the tit...
 This is a nice little horror flick that fans o...
 I had seen this movie as a kid and loved it. I...
 I generally don't give worry much about violen...
 Why is it better? Because it's true to the dar...
 I liked this TV show because it was it's own t...
 The problem with this series is that it is too...
 Well, I must say, I initially found this short...
 I watched 40 minutes and couldn't bear it any ...
 Anyone notice that Tommy only has 3 facial exp...
 A truly dreadful film. I did not know initiall...
 This 1986 Italian-French remake of the 1946 fi...
 "8 SIMPLE RULES... FOR DATING MY TEENAGE DAUGH...
 one of the best low budget movies from Germany...
 A complete waste of time<br /><br />Halla Bol ...
 You already know how painful to watch this mov...
 This film is exactly what you get when you rea...
 I just watched The Incredible Melting Man for ...
 Just saw this movie version of Frank Loesser's...
 A slight, charming little movie to be sure, bu...
 this movie is allegedly a comedy.so where did ...
 It was AMAZING. As a librarian and an attendee...
 Amongst the standard one liner type action fil...
 This movie was outright painful for me to watc...
 Inglourious Basterds IS Tarantino's worst film...
 At one point in this waste of celluloid, Charl...
 This movie was a disappointment. The story is ...
 *POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD*<br /><br />I'll only...
 A few weeks ago, I read the classic George Orw...
 Early talkie feature based on a popular stage ...
 Flash Gordon was a first rate serial. I know t...
 I survived the first hour of this and came bac...
 A classic series that should be at least repea...
 The DVD version we bought had Sandra Bullock o...
 I like a lot of the actors/actresses involved ...
 After eight Moto films the series had run its ...
 Considering the subject matter, I thought that...
 Talk about your wild life. Barely a B-movie, b...
 Film can be a looking glass to see the world i...
 I am a music lover and was excited to see this...
 Bestselling writer George Plimpton(Alan Alda)t...
 The reality of the mafia environment is absolu...
 Okay. Yes, this was a very-tight-budget movie ...
 ** HERE BE SPOILERS ** <br /><br />Recap: Macl...
 Florence Vidor stars as the daughter of a stri...
 10 respected directors each shot a short film ...
 William H. Macy always gives a good performanc...
 Frank Horrigan (Clint Eastwood) is being haras...
 Guys and Dolls is a unique play based on the c...
 Went to the Preview Engagement of "Grand Champ...
 I can't give it less than a star, I tried. At ...
 Enormous suspension of disbelief is required w...
 With all of the "R" movies out today, it's har...
 I made it about halfway through this movie, an...
 I'm not a fan of the Left Behind book series -...
 I was impressed that I could take my 5 year ol...
 Did Francis Ford Coppola have a brain aneurysm...
 I give this a generous four out of ten stars, ...
 Why has this not been released? I kind of thou...
 Hello, I was wondering if anyone has a copy of...
 What a poor excuse for New Zealnd Movie making...
 A young scientist Harry Harrison is continuing...
 The only redeeming quality of this overlong mi...
 While this movie's style isn't as understated ...
 I happened to love the show growing up, along ...
 This was on odd film. I liked the adventure of...
 Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a hit-man. Or...
 Blade was a thrilling horror masterpiece and i...
 This would have been so much fun to see in a t...
 This movie contains real animals been killed, ...
 This review comes nearly 30 years late. Nevert...
 Roman Polanski masterfully directs this sort o...
 Very good "Precoder" starring Dick Barthelmess...
 Not only unique for its time but one of the gr...
 I know nothing of the Iliad so can not comment...
 How truly friendly, charming and cordial is th...
 Cheap and mind-blisteringly dull story and act...
 I was entertained to see that some of the revi...
 Honestly before I watched this movie, I had he...
 WALLACE & GROMIT: THE CURSE OF THE WERE-RABBIT...
 25 August 2003 League of Extraordinary Gentlem...
 I remember this film from many years ago. Cert...
 This film has nothing whatever to do with the ...
 I couldn't relate to this film. It failed to e...
 When a loser teen is bitten by an insect, he b...
 This is arguably John Thaw's finest performanc...
 This was one of the slowest movies I have ever...
 Have you heard the story about the reluctant h...
 Barbershop 2: Back in Business wasn't as good ...
 This movie is so bad, I knew how it ends right...
 How come I've never seen or even heard about t...
 If movies like Ghoulies rip off Gremlins, then...
 After seeing the movie in a class of mine and ...
 After reading the reviews I decided to rent th...
 Though the story is essentially routine, and t...
 Hint number one - read the title as "the Time ...
 If you are tired of films trying too hard to b...
 I'm one of those gluttons for punishment when ...
 This is what used to be called a "women's pict...
 In the unlikely case that some aspiring direct...
 I really enjoyed this episode, which was a gre...
 'The English Patient' is a love story set in E...
 That was definitely the case with Angels in th...
 This film follows a very similar storyboard to...
 Does anyone know what kind of pickup John T dr...
 When this first came out, my dad brought it ho...
 Using footage pillaged from Planet of Dinosaur...
 A film about the Harlem Renaissance and one au...
 I'm sitting here Nov 2006 and I still can't he...
 Perhaps the director was trying for another PI...
 Let me be really clear about this movie. I did...
 The Good Earth follows the life a slave girl a...
 Because others have gone to the trouble of sum...
 Actually I'll admit I'm a political junkie, so...
 I remember seeing this movie a long time ago, ...
 In the '60's/'70's, David Jason was renowned f...
 This film to me is a very good film!!<br /><br...
 After just finishing the book the same day I w...
 This is a well directed Columbo episode, with ...
 How dare you? Adam Low, without apparent shame...
 This 1977 cult movie has two crazed lesbians (...
 Valentine, a model in France is separated from...
 Before watching this film I had heard a lot ab...
 Following a sitcom plot is so mindlessly easy ...
 The Unborn is a Roger Corman production and as...
 Of course if you are reading my review you hav...
 I really wonder how this show plays in the U.K...
 When one watches romantic comedies, one knows ...
 You just got to love opening sequences like th...
 Jessica Alba's Max and Valerie Rae Miller's Or...
 I saw this movie years ago and I never forgot ...
 Women have never looked so attractive and path...
 Joan Fontaine here is entirely convincing as a...
 Sunshine is a European import set in Hungary b...
 This movie was the worst movie I have seen sin...
 I expected this to be a lot better. I love Tim...
 This is probably one of the worst French movie...
 First of all, this plot is way overdone - girl...
 I am a big fan of Lonesome Dove and all the bo...
 Two Hands restored my faith in Aussie films. I...
 An hulking alien beastie crash-lands on Earth ...
 Firstly, this movie works in the fact that it ...
 A seemingly endless movie that really deserves...
 Well, the Hero and the Terror is slightly belo...
 I must say, I was surprised with the quality o...
 NORTHFORK is above all a masterpiece of widesc...
 I bought my first Zep album in 1974 (at 17) an...
 What's with the murky video in the beginning a...
 I was really excited about seeing this film. I...
 In following the lines of the classic formula ...
 I love old Burt Reynolds movies. They're funni...
 Don't look for an overdeveloped plotline here....
 "When I die, someone will bury me. And if they...
 The recent documentary "The Adventures of Erro...
 Of all the 48 films of Brigitte Bardot, "Une P...
 Except for the appearance of talented Austin P...
 All-Monster congregation in the final film in ...
 Lame plot and two-dimensional script made char...
 This movie is poorly conceived, poorly acted, ...
 The name of this film and the clips that I saw...
 This movie is the very worst that I have ever ...
 I tuned in to this movie because there was not...
 After apprehending the man responsible for the...
 Singleton has some serious issues he has to co...
 I have only recently been able to catch up wit...
 For those that might send me nasty e-mails, sh...
 It is important and only fair to remember that...
 Like his elder brothers, Claude Sautet and Jea...
 This movie is about a Dysfunctinal Family but ...
 It is a pleasure to see such creativity on TV ...
 Based on a self-serving novel by one-time girl...
 2054. Paris is an Escher drawing with people a...
 Ray Bradbury, run and hide! This tacky film ve...
 We rented the DVD hoping for a good western. T...
 This owes a great deal to the plot of CAPTAINS...
 As a serious horror fan, I get that certain ma...
 I don't understand people. Why is it that this...
 First of all, this film is GLACIALLY slow-movi...
 Wesley Snipes latest straight to video film is...
 Essentially a story of man versus nature, this...
 While watching this movie I was frustrated and...
 I don't see enough TV game shows to understand...
 I can't understand all the hype about this mov...
 Did I miss something here? This "adaptation" h...
 'Hitch' is a nice surprise: A romantic comedy ...
 This has got to be the worst piece of crap I h...
 Great "documentary" of how scientist's believe...
 I disagree with Anyone who done't like this mo...
 Maybe I'm a sap but this is the sweetest movie...
 I watched this movie to see the direction one ...
 Dolph Lundgren stars as Murray Wilson an alcoh...
 I first saw Thief as a child which makes me al...
 This film was sheer boredom from beginning to ...
 GOJOE takes a little getting used to at first,...
 A perennial fixture in the IMDb Bottom 100, up...
 This is an amateur movie shot on video, not an...
 For a series that was inspired by Kolchak, it'...
 That's how I was when I walked (staggered) out...
 I don't understand why the other comments focu...
 Having grown up a Mormon and grappled with the...
 Even 15 years after the end of the Vietnam war...
 A tale of a young boy, Dexter (Joseph Mazzello...
 A whole bunch of teenagers gather around to di...
 Hi To read the entire plot around "OZ" just lo...
 This is the start of a new and interesting Sta...
 Eliza (Elizabeth Moorman) is a farm girl from ...
 I have never seen a B movie like this one... o...
 Werner Herzog again explores the psyche of a m...
 Citizen X tells the real life drama of the sea...
 I'm not the biggest fan of westerns. My two pe...
 Even though this is the first film by the brok...
 i know technically this isn't the greatest TV ...
 I find it sad that Christians (and I am one) f...
 me and my sister saw the premiere last night.....
 Remember a film you seemed to enjoy in the pas...
 Nicolas Roeg's projects are variable to say th...
 Spanish horrors are not bad at all, some are s...
 Even if I had never seen or heard of Georgetow...
 "Birth of the Beatles", for being a US televis...
 A winters day, 28th December 1986, two bored 1...
 This Italian movie is basically a soap opera w...
 The first film I saw from these people was "Ch...
 Not even Emeril Lagasse cooking can save this ...
 Directed by Govind Nihalani, this is definite ...
 One of the best musicals ever made, this is an...
 Perhaps this could be the best movie ever made...
 ***SPOILERS*** With a gathering of family memb...
 I thought this was a sequel of some sorts, and...
 I cannot believe that the Indian film industry...
 I just watched this, an early Harold Lloyd sho...
 Five years after the US Civil War, western fol...
 This is a lame comedy.<br /><br />Here's why: ...
 I only saw the first part of this and conclude...
 In & Out is a comedy with a simple premise. It...
 SPOILER!! Terrible camera work, horrible writi...
 The Hindi version of the film is 121 minutes. ...
 This film is pretty poor. The acting is abysma...
 Perry Mason: The Case of the Fatal Fashion fin...
 John Van Druten's "Bell, Book and Candle" is a...
 This movie surprised me in a good way. From th...
 In Halloween, three friends seek an ancient ce...
 The film revolves around a man who believes th...
 I really enjoyed watching this movie about the...
 I think Hollywood should seriously consider NE...
 This movie is absolutely pointless, one of the...
 i am amazed anyone likes this film. i never wa...
 The problem I have as a Finn is that most of t...
 I wouldn't recommend this unless you're keen o...
 So far I disliked every single Jean Rollin mov...
 Despite being quite far removed from my expect...
 Wasn't sure what to expect from this movie con...
 This is quite possibly the worst movie of all ...
 I like Arnold, and I love the subject matter, ...
 This is the greatest film I saw in 2002, where...
 I really enjoyed this movie for what it is: A ...
 ... or should I say unintentionally hilarious?...
 ROMEO AND JULIET had been interpreted in so ma...
 I saw the movie in original Italian. It must b...
 Late film critic Gene Siskel said that this mo...
 Even if I had not read Anne Rice's "Queen of t...
 i think that new york is a big fake, i mean he...
 In a lot of his films (Citizen Kane, Confident...
 I have seen this show when I was younger. It i...
 Gloria Victor and Dolores Reed in space girl c...
 This movie was one of the greatest movies ever...
 As soon as I knew Keira Knighteley being in th...
 This movie was terrible. Throughout the whole ...
 The acting in this movie stinks. The plot make...
 No one in this movie has very much to do. This...
 "De vierde man" (The Fourth Man, 1984) is cons...
 True, this is not John Sayles finest film (Bro...
 for a lot of time I was looking forward to see...
 A potentially good idea gets completely let do...
 Carmen is one of the best films I've ever seen...
 Action. Comedy. Suspense. This movie has it al...
 Well, on the day that Rob Schneider plunges hi...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS...BUT DOUBT IT CAN ACTUAL...
 This was a "cute" movie at first, then then go...
 Lovely music. Beautiful photography, some of s...
 I loved this film because in my mind it seemed...
 Once you can get over Nic Cage playing an Ital...
 Certainly the highlight of this film is it's c...
 Spoilers ahead, but does it really matter? Hav...
 Giant crabs cursing in Japanese? What was in t...
 All I have to say is one word...SUCKS!!!!. The...
 I am a dumber person for renting the DVD REDLI...
 Director/lead Larry Bishop tried way, way too ...
 I saw Conrack on a night I couldn't sleep and ...
 This definitely the most tension filled X-File...
 Although it may not be Cassavetes' best work, ...
 Everyone is either loving or hating this film....
 Many people have the irritating habit of dying...
 My blurred childhood memories have kept the ec...
 Terminus Paradis was exceptional, but "Niki ar...
 This is an apocalyptic vision of the hell of o...
 First off, to rent or watch this film you are ...
 After watching some of HBO's great stuff - Ban...
 This "film" is one of the most dreadful things...
 "The Dead" truly is a work of art. Clearly, Jo...
 Thankfully I watched this film alone, enabling...
 With few exceptions, most of George Bernard Sh...
 This is a really really bad movie. That may se...
 What a horrible comedy. Totally lame. The supp...
 This is an unfortunately unrecognized classic....
 The father of the Who's alcoholic drummer, Kei...
 With NBC's "Thank God You're Here", the networ...
 The potential was there. I saw Creep and thoug...
 I understand what this movie was trying to por...
 I know that Trey Parker and Matt Stone really ...
 So bad, it's entertaining, especially during c...
 I bellied up to the bar expecting this to be a...
 It's all about Mitzi. I loved her in this. And...
 This is easily one of my favorite musicals of ...
 I think it's one of the greatest movies which ...
 This is beyond stupid. <br /><br />Two high sc...
 This movie is simply far too long, far too rep...
 Traffik is an excellent miniseries dealing wit...
 I enjoyed every moment of this movie, even tho...
 I've seen plenty of Sci-Fi Channel Original mo...
 Occasionally I accidentally leave the televisi...
 The young lady's name is Bonnie (Polay). She's...
 A killer (John Karlen) with a penchant for rea...
 This movie was NOTHING like the book. I think ...
 I have made it my personal mission to go after...
 Sadly, this movie is relegated to 'curio' stat...
 I love horror movies. I can even appreciate mo...
 If you like Gary Cooper, this is one of his be...
 Here is a rundown of a typical Rachael Ray Sho...
 This is one of those cheaply made TV Movies we...
 The Kissing Bandit was the third and final fil...
 Hello there,<br /><br />This is my first post ...
 Trust me, this is one let down movie that you ...
 Anyone who has said that it's better than Host...
 This film is on my top 20 comedies list. This ...
 I will not even make any more comments about t...
 This early Warner Brothers talkie "Son of the ...
 In 1982, two films were released within weeks ...
 My first Ichikawa in many years, and the first...
 "Welcome to Collinwood" is kind of a disaster....
 TIllman Jr.'s drama about the first African Am...
 If you have ever babysat in a house you didn't...
 ...On stage, TV or in a book, 'The Woman in Bl...
 From the opening shots of the lead actor, we a...
 The film begins with a little girl (Rita) seei...
 Woody Allen, when at his best, has one of the ...
 Very low-budget police procedural film about h...
 The most difficult thing about this movie is t...
 For the first time in reviewing films, I found...
 Clint Eastwood returns as Dirty Harry Calahan ...
 Perhaps you won't care for the social commenta...
 There is no denying it. Sci-fi on TV is diffic...
 Unless you are an Evangelical Christian then m...
 The premise of this movie has been tickling my...
 I unwittingly walked into this "trap" of a mov...
 it's unfortunate that many of the other detrac...
 The orders fatal flaw-besides an asinine plot-...
 This is the best Emma in existence in my opini...
 I know curiosity killed the cat, but I simply ...
 Chesty gringo Telly Savalas (as Frank Cooper) ...
 Tarzan the Ape Man is a remake of the 1932 fil...
 Chances Are uses that marvelous song by the sa...
 This hard-hitting, often violent western in th...
 This is one of my favourite books and I rememb...
 Alfred Hitchcock's "Saboteur" (1942) (not to b...
 Gorgeous bodies, gorgeous colors and camera wo...
 Okay, so maybe the acting wasn't bad, but I am...
 If you want to see a mystery, don't watch this...
 Boyle Heights, Los Angeles: legendary South Am...
 Oh my goodness. This was a real big mess that ...
 I got this movie from Netflix after a long wai...
 This film is, in short, a cinematic masterpiec...
 This movie is a horrible distortion of lies an...
 This cartoon is short on plot, but is a visual...
 wonderful movie with good story great humour (...
 Scary, but mostly in the sense that will it be...
 I think this is one of Burts top five movies, ...
 This movie is an eye opener for those who can ...
 This movie had a IMDB rating of 8.1 so I expec...
 This film is a delightful, light hearted look ...
 This had high intellectual pretensions.The mai...
 Charlie Wilson's war is an excellent example o...
 Oh dear we don't like it when our super-hero l...
 If you have read the book - do not set your ho...
 Unforgiven is Clint Eastwoods last tribute to ...
 It took me a few years to hunt down this title...
 I wasn't expecting much from this film, but wa...
 This movie has the made for TV stink all over ...
 R.I.C.C.O. is the STUPIDEST film ever made. I ...
 Are we allowed to interfere with our fellowmen...
 The film 'Nightbreed' is one of the best horro...
 I found the pace to be glacial and the origina...
 This movie was just terrible, the first movie ...
 Probably the worst film I've ever seen, the ac...
 A bloody gangster story which takes place in t...
 This movie is so bad it hurts. The car doing 3...
 Maybe I'm alone here, but this is a crap show....
 This is a movie that relies solely on the some...
 Last year was the 200th anniversary of Charles...
 Just finished watching the movie and wanted to...
 Mr Seagal has apparantly lowered his (already ...
 Return To The 3th Chamber is the comedic seque...
 This is one of the few movies of this type I h...
 A bad movie ABOUT a bad movie. Is that origina...
 I cannot believe this show was okay-ed. First ...
 This is almost typical Lynch. However, What ma...
 Just what the world needed-another superficial...
 This is an excellent movie. As a Canadian who ...
 I found it hard to care about these characters...
 This movie feels like a film project. As thoug...
 It's a shame that Deliverance is mainly known ...
 This is a cute little horror spoof/comedy feat...
 The story takes place on the streets of Sao Pa...
 This movie has bad writing and bad editing. It...
 The Big Knife, a movie about the dark side of ...
 The world of the 1973 sci-fi drama SOYLENT GRE...
 Man alive, is this game bad or what? The graph...
 Gypo Nolan (Victor McLaglen) is as poor as any...
 Oh dear, Oh dear! What were they thinking of? ...
 Out of all the parodies of Star Wars I've seen...
 Dead or Alive: Final, the movie that supposedl...
 This movie is one of the best ever produced by...
 you have loved The shawshank Redemption, Pulp ...
 Wow. I've never seen nor heard of this film. I...
 Throw Momma hasn't dated at all, it's as funny...
 Unlike some comments, mine is positive. This m...
 This was the best movie ever has seen on "Germ...
 This film spends a lot of time preaching again...
 I have had the pleasure of reading Martin Torg...
 This movie is sweet - not cloying, just warm-s...
 Would be promising if it were a student film. ...
 This movie starts at A and never quite reaches...
 It is very unfortunate when a movie such as th...
 This is really bad, the characters were bland,...
 its been years since i have seen these shows. ...
 One of my co-workers recommended this one, imp...
 I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of...
 Just too many incidents of violence.<br /><br ...
 As a South African, it's an insult to think th...
 George and Kim are traveling with their young ...
 I rented this movie because I am a huge Dudiko...
 A pretty worthless made for television movie t...
 I don't know where to begin. Perhaps the whole...
 Unlike what one reviewer said this is NOT a ri...
 I always get frustrated by films that were obv...
 I was in this movie as an extra in the Dallas ...
 The Sea is Watching was an interesting film ex...
 ....because if I was, I may have wished it was...
 This ambitious film suffers most from writer/d...
 This film is a masterpiece to put it simply. E...
 Having seen most of the Coen Brothers previous...
 An entertaining kung fu film, with acting, plo...
 First let me say I am not from the south but I...
 In yet another miserable attempt to make a qui...
 The Three Stooges has always been some of the ...
 Before I saw this film I didn't really expect ...
 Wow...OK. So, after reading the little feud on...
 There won't be one moment in this film where y...
 First off - this film will not be for everybod...
 A good story about Rusty Parker (Rita Hayworth...
 Cabin Fever is the first feature film directed...
 Bridget Fonda has disappointed me several time...
 I really enjoyed North and South very much. I ...
 during eddie murphy's stand up a women from th...
 I got this movie because I worked at a movie s...
 I still don't know why I forced myself to sit ...
 I have to say that there is one redeeming spec...
 Definitely one of the most witty and twisted w...
 This is a Hollywood film. The credentials of t...
 I will not comment on the story as such. I agr...
 It's less visceral than the only other Tsai fi...
 MINOR SPOILER<br /><br />Underrated little Ste...
 Well our standards have gone into the toilet. ...
 This film coincides with Mike Allred's comic b...
 In the future of 2001, Freddy is after the las...
 BEWARE SPOILERS. This movie was okay. Goldie H...
 A simple and effective film about what life is...
 This so-called prequel is just a badly made re...
 First off, let me say I wasted Halloween movie...
 I actually had hopes for this movie since I've...
 HOUSE CALLS was an amusing 1978 comedy about a...
 Keanu Reeves stars as a friend of a popular hi...
 This epic brings together a superbly-gifted ca...
 SPOILER ALERT!!!<br /><br />You can listen to ...
 I've got 10 plus year old computer games with ...
 The Mummy's Tomb starts with a review of the e...
 Another rape of History<br /><br />This movie ...
 I can't believe that people thought this stink...
 **SPOILERS** A bit ridicules made for TV movie...
 This film is "riveting" but in much the same w...
 Aaliyah blows all the female cast members out ...
 "A Mouse in the House" is a very classic carto...
 King of the Underworld features an early role ...
 What I liked best in this film is that like th...
 When seeing this movie you should take notice ...
 After a love triangle story in Har Dil Jo Pyaa...
 An aging Roger Moore is back yet again as Bond...
 Hi, May be because I am not a Theater major or...
 The Calu-what now? Yeah, I thought it was a st...
 This movie is using cinematography fantastical...
 You gotta be a fan of the little man but I fou...
 I saw this movie at a college film festival ba...
 This is a fair movie, good for one-off viewing...
 "Atlantis" is a new and right step for a Disne...
 Viewing "Impulse" is a very satisfying experie...
 This DVD will be treated with indifference by ...
 Here is a movie of adventure, determination, h...
 German private TV is ill-renowned for copying ...
 Well...tremors I, the original started off in ...
 Dr Steven Segal saves the world from a deadly ...
 The thesis of Father Brown is that a good dose...
 This scared the hell out of me when i was a te...
 SEVEN POUNDS: EMOTIONALLY FLAT, ILLOGICAL, MOR...
 Danny Glover and Carey Elwes obviously forgot ...
 Went to see this as Me and my Lady had little ...
 I watched this movie alongwith my complete fam...
 This film makes "American Pie" a sophisticated...
 It's always a good feeling when a movie delive...
 There are way too many subjects avoided in cin...
 First off, I'd like to make a correction on an...
 A grumpy old baronet, happily unmarried, decid...
 I watched this one mostly to see Charlie Ruggl...
 This is another gem of a stand up show from Ed...
 The Hand of Death aka Countdown in Kung Fu (19...
 First of all, I would like to say that I am a ...
 im sure he doesnt need the money for a life sa...
 A warm, touching movie that has a fantasy-like...
 I was able to see "Anywhere But Here" last nig...
 Robert Jordan is a television star. Robert Jor...
 This movie has remained in my mind for years a...
 This movie was made because the concept transl...
 Return to Cabin by the Lake just.... was lacki...
 Hugh (Ed Harris) is a hotshot, bachelor senato...
 As I said, sometimes low budget is good. You g...
 Take a bad script, some lousy acting and throw...
 It was by accident that I was scanning the TV ...
 Considering the potential this move had, the r...
 I have to ask myself, do movies like this get ...
 It's 3:30am.<br /><br />I just saw this movie ...
 Often tagged as a comedy, The Man In The White...
 This is hands down the most annoying and frust...
 Back in the 70's, when I had first seen this, ...
 I don't see why all the people are giving this...
 This is one of the worst-written movies I've e...
 The Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy fashions ...
 This clunker of a film sets a new standard for...
 Carole Lombard and James Stewart gamely try to...
 This movie represents the times it was made in...
 The great talents of Michael Powell and Emeric...
 George Brent is a reporter sent to interview a...
 Catherine Brreillat is a French director who l...
 I got this movie from the library, and saw it ...
 This sickly sweet and laboriously paced 5-reel...
 Way back at the dawn of human civilization cav...
 The concept for this movie was quite good. But...
 This is not a good movie at all. I cannot beli...
 One wonders how FLYNN could have failed so bad...
 Construction workers disrupt the Native Americ...
 I'm not entirely sure Rob Schmidt qualifies as...
 ***SPOIERS*** Atlanta crime auctioneer with Bu...
 The incomparable Paul Naschy, horror film icon...
 The second "Mr. Eko" episode has somewhat less...
 No message. No symbolism. No dark undercurrent...
 Nicely filmed, a little uneven, "Nobody" is a ...
 I thought this was a very good movie. It would...
 When "Girlfight" came out, the reviews praised...
 Almost in the same league as Yonfan's rather a...
 Witchcraft/Witchery/La Casa 4/ and whatever el...
 First a quick 'shut up!' to those saying this ...
 An on screen caption informs us that it is 'th...
 The antiwar musical "Hair" is my number one cu...
 **POSSIBLE SPOILERS**<br /><br />The biggest p...
 This film has a premise that is good enough to...
 It is playing on SHOWTIME right now but is goi...
 The head of a common New York family, Jane Gai...
 THE LATE SHIFT was an interesting made for HBO...
 I gave this 2 stars out of a possible 10.<br /...
 An actor's first film is usually something one...
 The movie is very realistic. Absolutely, it do...
 higher learning is a slap in the face for thos...
 We're in a not so distant future, globalizatio...
 If Western Union isn't exactly the real story ...
 This was an incredibly stupid movie. It was po...
 Holes, the novel, was forced on me in an educa...
 My top 2 actors happen to be in this film - Ro...
 A model named Laura is working in South Americ...
 Tyra & the rest of the modeling world needs to...
 I have always loved Brenda Blethyn and "Undert...
 Yet another venture into the realm of the teen...
 The mere presence of Sam Waterston as an India...
 Oliver! the musical is a favorite of mine. The...
 This is a film about a six year old child from...
 First, let's all agree that Lorenzo Lamas coul...
 There's been a vogue for the past few years fo...
 Firstly, this is a very dated film, non-focuse...
 This movie had horrible lighting and terrible ...
 A stolen shipment of Vigoroso, the mexican Via...
 Al Pacino? Kim Basinger? Tea Leoni? Ryan O'Nea...
 I've just seen this movie for the second time ...
 I just finished reading a book about Dillinger...
 I found the one and only comment about this mo...
 This hugely entertaining short is considered o...
 One of the few best films of all time. The cha...
 Clair Denis again revisits her theme of estran...
 High energy Raoul Walsh classic from 1933, The...
 I must give How She Move a near-perfect rating...
 I absolutely love this show!!!!!!!, Its basica...
 I've read approximately 10 reviews of this fil...
 I viewed the movie for a second time on Septem...
 I too remember seeing this film as a youngster...
 Go immediately and rent this movie. It will be...
 I've never really considered myself much of "s...
 The movie Haggard is one of the funniest movie...
 It was a fascinating story waiting to be told....
 I don't know what it is I find so endearing ab...
 This was the Modesty that we didn't know! It w...
 This episode so far is the best of the series....
 This movie is just plain bad. Weak story , wea...
 You've heard it said to live every moment as i...
 A serial killer , Carl Stargher , has been kid...
 I saw this film in the movie theater. I was ta...
 Well, i rented this movie and found out it rea...
 I grew up on Scooby Doo Where Are You, and I s...
 I bought this movie for about 2,5 dollars at a...
 I watched the movie while recovering from majo...
 THE GREEN BUTCHERS (Anders Thomas Jensen - Den...
 I've been watching this every night on VH1 thi...
 One of the most excellent movies ever produced...
 I want to say the acting is bad, but I think i...
 This film is so much of a rip-off of the maste...
 This movie is good for what it is, and unprete...
 Some may feel that the rating i have just give...
 I truly enjoyed this film. The acting was terr...
 I caught this for the first time a few nights ...
 Imagine the scenario - you are at the movie th...
 My original title for this review was going to...
 I didn't see this movie when it originally cam...
 A lot of people say the end did not make sense...
 There is nothing mean spirited or evil about t...
 What an incredible story and what a beautiful ...
 Our family (and the entire sold out sneak prev...
 I don't understand the many good reviews, here...
 Here I thought "Nanook of the north" was the l...
 The novel is easily superior and the best part...
 Minnie and Moskowitz is the most pathetic and ...
 Topical? Certainly. Entertainment? Probably - ...
 Tipping the Velvet (2002) (TV) was directed by...
 i loved this movie. you have to respect midget...
 Not having seen the 1936 version of this story...
 I don't get it! The teenage leads in "Horror S...
 If you're coming to this film to learn somethi...
 Renee Zellweger absolutely shines as Nurse Bet...
 I like seeing Linda Blair playing in an actual...
 Ivan The Terrible is more a filmed stage play ...
 Produced by International Playhouse Pictures, ...
 This is quite a dull movie. Well-shot with rea...
 I got this for my birthday in a box set under ...
 I was entranced by this touching and hilarious...
 I really couldn't get into this movie. The plo...
 OK, the other reviewers have pretty much cover...
 The Fluffer may have strong elements of porn i...
 I have read the other user comments and I am h...
 Laughable would be a good term to describe thi...
 This is one of my favorite Mr. Motos, and I ha...
 Some saying about 'The Play is the Most Import...
 So what's the big fuss out of making an INDIAN...
 I lived in that area (Hoboken and Jersey City)...
 I don't know if it was the directors intent to...
 I was so excited to see this film because I ha...
 Something to Sing About was produced at Grand ...
 This film has gone in and out of fashion more ...
 I found this to be a charming adaptation, very...
 This movie was great the first time I saw it, ...
 Can there be a worst film? Even Ed Wood at his...
 I always loved that scratchy voiced guy in all...
 Julie (Meg Tilly) is a "goody two shoes" type ...
 I just saw Adam Had Four Sons for the first ti...
 Perhaps one of the first slasher film that cam...
 Just caught it at the Toronto International Fi...
 Only three words are really required for this ...
 11 years after this film was released only 5 p...
 This movie spends most of its time preaching t...
 I was quite surprised to read some of the comm...
 It is quite a simple not very active but very ...
 A film as bad as this should be withdrawn from...
 I admit that for the first 20 minutes or so of...
 DO not take this film seriously, rent it with ...
 I saw Jack Frost for £4:00 at my local store a...
 The director infuses this film with false dept...
 I'm glad I rented this movie for one reason: i...
 There is this girl and she's running in the wo...
 I can't help but forget that incredible scene ...
 This movie is in the same league as Ishtar. Lo...
 As the front cover says "The hamlet of our tim...
 The pre-release version of 1933's "Baby Face" ...
 While the British produced some hilarious and ...
 This is a FANTASTIC film. Hána is a very old g...
 Somewhere inside this movie is a half-hour epi...
 Only watched this to see Joe Morton in an earl...
 I went along to this movie with some trepidati...
 We all know what's like when we have a bad day...
 When my wife and I decided to watch this movie...
 This movie is highly improbable. Read the othe...
 This movie is probably for you. It had an over...
 The submarine used was NOT Varangian! 'It' was...
 I'm going to talk about this movie from two di...
 Insanely well crafted mini-series.<br /><br />...
 I loved Heavenly Creatures and make it a point...
 Compelling and Innovative! At the beginning of...
 This Kiyoshi Kurosawa ghost movie is pretty wi...
 This is one of the best horror movies i've see...
 Why has Ramón(Carlos Fuentes)brought his five ...
 because you can put it on fast forward and wat...
 Hindsight is a wonderful thing. Much reviled w...
 I mean, come on! Now my countrymen have starte...
 Most of what has been said about the negative ...
 Oh, man, they sure knew how to make them back ...
 I'm not sure why I disliked this film so much....
 If you've never been "Tromatized", this is the...
 This film is a very descent remake of the famo...
 I watched this film so many times through my c...
 It's been mentioned by others the inane dialog...
 SPOILERS Every major regime uses the country's...
 Contains spoilers I had it recorded a while ag...
 There were a lot of truly great horror movies ...
 I remember originally seeing this film at Radi...
 Alfred Hitchcock invented any kind of thriller...
 The 80s were overrun by all those HALLOWEEN/Fr...
 This 'schlock-buster' should carry a governmen...
 Great underrated movie great action good actor...
 Excellent entry in the RKO Saint series with w...
 La Teta i la Luna (The Breast and the Moon) de...
 My wife and I just finished this movie and I c...
 Don't quite know why some people complain abou...
 It's nothing brilliant, groundbreaking or inno...
 I may not be the one to review this movie beca...
 If you love Chan-wook Park, you know what to e...
 This movie should be number one on the bottom ...
 To make any film about the supposed end of the...
 It seems a shame that Greta Garbo ended her il...
 Please do not waste six hours of your life wat...
 Feeling Minnesota is not really a road movie, ...
 May contain minor spoilers.<br /><br />Dressed...
 This was a terrible film. There was no story l...
 I may be biased, I am the author of the novel ...
 I found this film to be a fascinating study of...
 IMDb lists this movie as a comedy. I have no i...
 I gave this movie a chance only because it had...
 Robert Altman is my favorite American director...
 (Spoilers)<br /><br />Oh sure it's based on Mo...
 Lifeforce (1985) was a Cannon funded film dire...
 What happened to Ava Gardner in the 1940s and ...
 I love watching early colour films - you mean ...
 I saw this film by chance on the small box. It...
 J.J. Jameson (from Spiderman 2) Quote ... Crap...
 Standard "paint-by-numbers" monster fare, fill...
 WORST MOVIE EVER!!!! Can't believe I wasted 90...
 Believe me, I like horror movies. I like scien...
 My only problem with The Curse of the Were-Rab...
 This documentary film is based on incomplete c...
 But sadly due to rights issues, that almost ce...
 I see that C. Thomas Howell has appeared in ma...
 I found the film Don't Look In The Basement to...
 This low budget crocodile movie really deliver...
 When you look at this now and hear all the lan...
 "Nagisa no Shindobaddo" or "Like Grains of San...
 An odd beam of light penetrates the bedroom of...
 That's what I found myself saying time after t...
 Armageddon PPV<br /><br />The last PPV of 2006...
 First let me preface this post by saying that ...
 I saw this film for the first time not too lon...
 This movie makes you think. It shows how a wom...
 The folk who produced this masterful film have...
 It surprises me how much I love this movie des...
 Yes, talk about bad sequels. Rick Moranis star...
 I'm not the type of person to watch T.V. shows...
 Super-slick entertainment with a stellar cast,...
 I remember going to drive inn with my parent a...
 This is one of the most atrocious rewrites I'v...
 Wow....it's been a long time since I've last s...
 If you thought NBC's 10.5 was stupid, you'll b...
 Fate/Stay Night is an animated series inspired...
 Steven Seagal....how could you be a part of su...
 Fans of apocalyptic movies will savor this wel...
 "Return of the Jedi" is often remembered for w...
 F*ck Me! I've seen some incredibly horrific mo...
 This movie should not classify as cinema. Alth...
 I first watched this in black and white, circa...
 An extremely dark and brooding show with an ex...
 Luc Besson's first work is also his first fora...
 "Problem Child" was an okay movie, but did it ...
 This film essentially contains all the element...
 You can often tell a movie didn't turn out lik...
 i chose to see the this film on the day it ope...
 Oh. Good. Grief.<br /><br />I saw this movie t...
 Where to start, where to start....hmmm...well ...
 This is a great movie. The best role Peter Str...
 To a certain extent, I actually liked this fil...
 In the real world of art Elizabeth Wurtzel is ...
 I do not think that this movie deserves the lo...
 A light-hearted comedy, Nothing shows us a wor...
 The BBC surpassed themselves with the boundari...
 It's a funny business, reviewing movies. These...
 I have seen this movie many times and i never ...
 Night of the Demons (1988) was another in a lo...
 "Der Todesking" is not exactly the type of fil...
 First ever viewing: July 21, 2008<br /><br />V...
 The filmmakers apparently had enough money to ...
 Syriana swept the critics upon release and eve...
 Barney and friends...the Dora the explorer of ...
 Ponyo is a beautiful animated film with some d...
 Deep Water (2006) ****<br /><br />"It is indif...
 OK...i have seen just about everything....and ...
 I was 15 years old when this movie premiered o...
 I watched this again after having not seen it ...
 Whoever wrote up "Redline" as a great car movi...
 The trailers for this film were better than th...
 A wide variety of snakes stage an uprising on ...
 One of the great mysteries of life, suffered f...
 For those of you looking for the crazy stunts ...
 This is surely one of the worst films ever mad...
 An underrated addition to the Graham Greene ci...
 I got to see an early preview of this movie an...
 I resisted watching 15 Park Avenue despite of ...
 Look, we rated this a 10 on entertainment valu...
 I'm starting to think that there's a conspirac...
 R Balki tries to tell you a story that had bee...
 The subject matter of this film is potentially...
 This movie is awful beyond belief. It's a low-...
 A fantastic cinema experience. I really enjoye...
 Alright, so not every Australian movie is all ...
 This movie is a great mocumentary. It follows ...
 A childless couple (Brooke Adams, Jeff Hayenga...
 I have watched this movie three times. The las...
 Robot Jox tries hard, but is fundamentally a s...
 While Aeon Flux was mildly entertaining and a ...
 The movie is plain bad. Simply awful. The stri...
 When I saw this movie, all I could think was: ...
 First of all let me say the first 20 minutes a...
 I finally purchased and added to my collection...
 An unpleasant woman and an equally unpleasant ...
 Don't think of this movies as just another kid...
 Oh dear - quite how Alfred Hitchcock (North by...
 many people said this was a great movie with H...
 The plot is real horrific, the atmosphere real...
 ***SPOILERS*** For some strange reason Oliver ...
 This is a whodunnit in the Hitchcock tradition...
 This is the best movie I've ever seen! <br /><...
 "The Days" is a typical family drama with a li...
 Aside from Frankie Muniz chattering too fast t...
 This film is based on a true story. The author...
 As I was reading through the comments, I was s...
 How powerful and captivating simple quality fi...
 A young woman, Nicole Carrow (Jaimie Alexander...
 I'm not even going to waste more time describi...
 'Boogie Nights' uses its protagonist, Dirk Dig...
 To speak relatively, if one were only to see n...
 The best bond game made of all systems. It was...
 The back of the DVD for this movie raves, "Che...
 It takes a little while to get used to Nick No...
 I had the dubious opportunity to view this mov...
 As I expected would happen, too many reviews o...
 I've watched many short films in my day. Often...
 There's no romance or other side plot to this ...
 While traveling by train, a woman (Stéphane Ex...
 looks like the bet movie I've ever seen. not t...
 Shes the man is great. its funny, original and...
 This is the kind of movie the US doesn't make....
 Head should have been a proud moment not just ...
 I saw this movie, when it first came out. Patt...
 Sensual and tough Maria Braun. (Hanna Schygula...
 Yikes, it was definitely one of those sleeples...
 The show is GREAT. No words to describe it. Wo...
 In my opinion, Flatley ruined the first show w...
 this film was totally not what i expected. <br...
 Opie, Tom Gilson,was my brother,so I went to s...
 Bring a box of Kleenex to this funny, engaging...
 1 How is it that everyone can understand each ...
 I remember rather enjoying this a few years ba...
 It's interesting that all who (so far) seemed ...
 This film moved me beyond comprehension, it is...
 Oh my god. Obviously, when you rent or buy thi...
 This was one of those wonderful rare moments i...
 "R Xmas" peers into the lives of a middle clas...
 I'm seldom partial to movies about smart-assed...
 This was different, that's for sure. Just look...
 Wagon Master (1950) Dir: John Ford <br /><br /...
 It was clear right from the beginning that 9/1...
 In my opinion this has to be one of Barbara St...
 Having first achieved fame with Drunken Master...
 Dana Andrews is one of those actors that I've ...
 To those who have not followed the Anne Marie ...
 This film has been compared to the hilarious B...
 I´m from germany so please excuse my style of ...
 The script is very weak & there is no depth in...
 Obviously, this is not the "Piranha" directed ...
 I don't understand why so many of the comments...
 This is an absolute great show. Jessica Alba, ...
 In the early '80s, I recorded Honky Tonk Freew...
 There is something special about the Austrian ...
 Not one of the better pokemon movies.<br /><br...
 Seems to me that Joe Estevez spends most of hi...
 CIA analyst Douglas Freeman (Gyllenhaal) gets ...
 The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatche...
 I remember all the hype around this movie when...
 Pickup on South Street (1953), directed by mov...
 Angels are a bit of an American obsession, but...
 I went in expecting not much from Human Traffi...
 Its a very good comedy movie.Ijust liked it.I ...
 Shame really - very rarely do I watch a film a...
 The major fault in this film is that it is imp...
 Okay, here's the deal. There's this American p...
 It is one of the joys of Shakespeare that ther...
 SPOILERS: I'm always surprised at how many peo...
 The Sea Is Watching has been made from an orig...
 I used to watch this show when I was a little ...
 John Leguizamo's one man show is both funnier ...
 Okay, when I came on the board for this movie,...
 There are movies that are awful, and there are...
 in a not so conventional sense of the word.<br...
 The story of Ed Gein is a disturbing and terri...
 Movie industry is tricky business - because de...
 This movie brings back so many memories for me...
 Hmmmmmmm - cheerleader massacre. Let me think ...
 This film is about a young man's painful journ...
 This movie is simply wonderful! It's got it al...
 My first 'Columbo'. Rather enjoyed it. Great f...
 This has to be THE WORST film I have ever seen...
 I have walked out of a Coen movie before and n...
 There are so many '10 Best' lists which could ...
 It's a shame this movie didn't get more play i...
 I had the pleasure of screening "The Big Bad S...
 First of all I am a butch, straight white male...
 If you want Scream or anything like the big-st...
 I think this movie is the most misunderstood f...
 You'd think the first landing on the Moon woul...
 The opening sequence alone is worth the cost o...
 I love horror films, but I think they work way...
 Gandhi my father is like viewing a book, chapt...
 Aya! If you are looking for special effects th...
 Full marks for Pacino's rendering of the speec...
 There just isn't enough here. There a few funn...
 Ever since they first came to the Outer Banks ...
 It's not too bad a b movie, with Sanders, Barr...
 The plot of 'Edison' was decent, but one actor...
 This movie was a stupid piece of crap. Bad eve...
 By all accounts, this could have been an inter...
 The dialogue was pretty dreadful. The plot not...
 There isn't a whole lot going on in this story...
 I liked this movies. Its a another Yash raj fi...
 As a fan of C.J.'s earlier movie, Latter Days,...
 THE ENGLISH PATIENT not only has it all (doome...
 PLOT SPOILERS!!!! Dr. Boch (George C. Scott) i...
 Well this movie certainly was in keeping with ...
 This movie is Damian Szifrón's second immersio...
 Scientist Carl Lehman (well played by David Mc...
 Legendary hammy and arrogant horror movie star...
 I wasted enough time actually WATCHING this ch...
 This movie is a cinematic collage of gangster ...
 The greatest sin in life is being dull, and th...
 In a little town in Montana two brothers grow ...
 I was aware of Man of the Year's critical pans...
 This movie doesn't even deserve a 1/10 This mo...
 I won't say the show is all bad, because there...
 I'm not into reality shows that much, but this...
 OK, this movie was cool. I don't think it was ...
 Its a shame she didn't get screen credit , she...
 Antonioni really showed some 'cojones' when he...
 When i saw this movie the first thing that jum...
 The thirties horror films that are best rememb...
 Set in a post-apocalyptic environment, cyborgs...
 Oz was a fantastic show, as long as frequent m...
 Good movie, great story, great characters, I e...
 Might end up being the biggest disappointment ...
 How The Grinch Stole Christmas instantly stole...
 This film is about a young Indian guy who come...
 I can't say I was surprised at this atrocity w...
 Few films have left me with such a feeling of ...
 This is a very real and funny movie about a Ja...
 Bad, bad, movie, so bad it is worth watching. ...
 This is a truly abysmal `LOCK STOCK' clone wit...
 Who can watch a movie, look at Lucy Liu and no...
 Bronson took the money and ran with this film;...
 okay, my question; who's the idiot that wrote ...
 I just came back from seeing this awesome movi...
 While I agree that this movie lacks any real s...
 Uzumaki (that's Japanese for "spiral" or "vort...
 The third Fred MacMurray/Carole Lombard film i...
 Some twenty or so years ago, Charles Bukowski ...
 Take a cliché story and insert Steve Guttenber...
 Red Skelton plays a radio detective known as "...
 Would anyone really watch this RUBBISH if it d...
 WTF!! Do any of his books/movies end in a happ...
 "The Deadly Look of Love" is essentially "Fata...
 This movie was like a bad indie with A-list ta...
 I have rarely laughed so hard at a movie. Noti...
 Whack!!! I got this movie because Elizabeth Ha...
 From the Star of "MITCHELL", From the director...
 Silent Night, Deadly Night 5 is the very last ...
 I myself feel this film is a rare treasure. No...
 I love pop culture, but I was a little apprehe...
 This movie was amusing at times, hell sometime...
 Let's get this out of the way, so the ones che...
 Talkshow with Spike Feresten is one of those s...
 Michigan, Edgar Allen Poe, a toaster, and a fr...
 Andie MacDowell's facial expressions are great...
 The Sunshine Boys is one of my favorite feel g...
 I loved the way EARTH is made. Its photography...
 This movie was extremely poorly conceived from...
 If you were born around the time this movie wa...
 Nothing's more enjoyable for me than a who-dun...
 Being a fan of silent films, I looked forward ...
 I saw this movie on it's opening night, and en...
 If you like a syfi soap opera this show is for...
 Despite the excellent cast, this is an unremar...
 Honestly awful film, bad editing, awful lighti...
 "Eagle's Wing" is a pleasant surprise of a mov...
 Return of the Jedi is certainly the most actio...
 It's not as good as the movie, that said it's ...
 This is a disgrace to the name of all of the l...
 The animation looks like it was done in 30 sec...
 Overshadowed by "Braveheart" released the same...
 OK, this simply is the worst movie ever made. ...
 I have screened this movie several times here ...
 It's always tough having a sibling doing bette...
 This two disc set is incredible! If you're lik...
 I wonder how much this movie actually has got ...
 Not as bad a film as i thought it would be.<br...
 As is frequently the case when Manga is transl...
 I've watched the first 15 minutes and I can te...
 Shame on you if you give this film a low ratin...
 I knew I was going to see a low budget movie, ...
 I'm not a big TV person... but when I saw the ...
 I borrowed (slightly modified) title from some...
 ALL GROWN UP is basically a spin off and not m...
 The same night that I watched this I also watc...
 God bless Joe D'Amato...I love Italian horror,...
 What a terrible sequel. The reason I give this...
 Having watched this movie several times, I hav...
 Main theme in this Dirty Harry is that revenge...
 After a decade of turbulent unrest, American m...
 As a mother of 2 young children who are or sho...
 This is a road movie. At least the movie is in...
 This movie was so predictable and poorly acted...
 I actually own this movie which is the MST3K v...
 I have heard an awful lot about 'The English P...
 Having developed a critical eye for film, and ...
 <br /><br />How this film ever got a 6 star av...
 The only reason I even gave it a 1 out of 10 i...
 I spied this short on a DVD of best new Zealan...
 This movie just screened on Channel Seven - Au...
 This was a excellent movie. I deal with a chil...
 The War At Home is so good it's become my new ...
 Having seen the Peter O'Toole version recently...
 Now, I am not prone to much emotion, but I cri...
 Here in Brazil is very rare to see a good Braz...
 I caught this movie at a small screening held ...
 Okay, the recent history of Star Trek has not ...
 Mani sir as usual brings out another amazing s...
 This film is really, really full of sex. Hot s...
 My tolerance for shlocky direction was overwhe...
 Chuck Norris stars as Danny, a cop who took do...
 The Blue Planet series is, without a doubt, on...
 Oh If any day u wanna see a supernatural thril...
 A fabulous film,which I have now watched sever...
 Years ago when I first read John Irving's The ...
 This movie was alright. Mary-Kate and Ashley p...
 The only reason I don't give this movie fewer ...
 I previously thought that this film was the la...
 After another raid in an empty village, the ch...
 Story about four teenage girls growing up in C...
 I'd give this film a zero if I could. How anyo...
 The second film about the adventures of the Ga...
 Even if Voskhozhdeniye was your favorite film ...
 It was pointed out in a now deleted post from ...
 I saw this movie when it came out when I was 1...
 "Scoop" is easily Woody Allen's funniest film ...
 This movie is an abomination, and its making s...
 While the acting and directing could be argued...
 The movie is a starter to what really happened...
 We all knew even before it aired, the Ron Moor...
 Who can ask for more? Taking my 2 and 4 year o...
 You know what they say about the 70's..if you ...
 As a child I was never in a situation where I ...
 First I was caught totally off guard by the fi...
 Cynthia Rothrock,(China O'Brien),"Manhattan Ch...
 Only on a very rare occasion does an episode o...
 Let's just say that it might be the worst movi...
 iCarly is all that's wrong with the world. All...
 Ha. without a doubt Tommy's the evil one here....
 My friends and I have watched this so many tim...
 Idiocracy felt like Mike Judge took my thought...
 I don't care how many nominations this junk go...
 Neil LaBute takes a dramatic turn from his fir...
 If someone had nudged me about 15 minutes into...
 Last evening I had the remarkable pleasure of ...
 Kay Pollack (the man behind this movie) is a r...
 The Shining is a weird example of adaptation: ...
 Textbook example of an underestimated movie.<b...
 Yes, this film is another remake. Yes, this fi...
 Go to the video store and get the original. I ...
 Seeing this show gives me respect for MTV, tho...
 The book is better than the film mostly becaus...
 I looked forward to seeing this movie when it ...
 After watching the series premiere of Talk Sho...
 My Super Ex Girlfriend turned out to be a plea...
 This movie is the first time movie experience ...
 pokemon the movie was a terrible film. unlike ...
 This is a powerful documentary about domestic ...
 Like another reviewer, my wife bought this mov...
 Warning: mild spoilers.<br /><br />The story o...
 This is a genuinely horrible film. The plot (s...
 The only thing I knew about this film prior to...
 North And South (1985): Patrick Swayze, James ...
 Some time ago I saw this when HBO was showing ...
 "Så som in himmelen" was probably one of the 3...
 Mad Magazine may have a lot of crazy people wo...
 It's a good show, and I find it funny. Finally...
 Do not see this film. In most cases, such as t...
 This Stan Laurel comedy short is a cute little...
 Let's get things straight. I was raised Cathol...
 Unlike some of the reviews written here, I did...
 In the late sixties director Sergio Corbucci m...
 Heart of Darkness Movie Review Joseph Conrad's...
 I'll be blunt and to the point. This film is n...
 I was curious to watch this movie. A lot of pe...
 Summer Phoenix did a great performance where y...
 Brilliant and moving performances by Tom Court...
 Excellent performance by Mary KAy Place, Steve...
 Young writers, young auteur, young cast, buslo...
 Its a very sensitive portrayal of life with un...
 a very surprisingly underrated movie. very rea...
 I saw this in Detroit in what must have been i...
 I love this movie ! I think I've seen it 5 tim...
 I must have been around ten years old when my ...
 Fellow Giallo-fanatics: beware and/or proceed ...
 This movie is totally wicked! It's really grea...
 Since the past couple of days I'm really hooke...
 I myself am a big fan of low-budget 80's horro...
 This show was absolutely terrible. For one Geo...
 Give this movie a break! Its worth at least a ...
 Nothing about this movie is any good. It's a f...
 ...and normally i don't like surprises!! Watch...
 Obviously, Ponyo can be seen as just not anoth...
 On assignment in scenic Italy, beautiful lip-s...
 (Synopsis) In the year 2055, the rich are able...
 Saw the film at the closing gala of the Ealing...
 With looks that could kill, and a willingness ...
 Jeff Speakman never really made it beyond the ...
 This is a great flick! It is funny for everyon...
 A mercilessly corny and painfully unfunny atte...
 The characters are unlikeable and the script i...
 OUCH, No real need to say anything else. This ...
 I'm a writer working at home and Diagnosis Mur...
 Jeremy Northam struggles against a "Total Reca...
 And I do not understand why the show gets so m...
 A picture starring Danny Devito and Billy Crys...
 Clint Eastwood is Bronco Billy, the leader of ...
 It's terrible how some people can get away wit...
 This takes place on Fire Island back in the 19...
 This movie is similar to the play entitled 'Bl...
 *****THIS REVIEW MAY HAVE SPOILERS - but that ...
 I worked on this atrocity ten years ago. Lucki...
 William (Nicholas Ball) and Emma Peters (Rache...
 I can't believe that I actually sat thru this ...
 Mud and Sand is one of Stan Laurel's spoofs of...
 If you described any of the scenes; nightmares...
 I f you thought Sam Mendes' first film, the mu...
 If you haven't watched the movie yet, but you ...
 No doubt about it, Rampling is gorgeous -- a c...
 DVD has become the equivalent of the old late ...
 I remember watching this as a child as part of...
 I can't believe how awful this movie turned ou...
 A fine ironic visual gag takes place in front ...
 I don't know what it is about the crew from CK...
 Personally, I LOVED TRIS MOVIE! My best friend...
 This film is worth seeing alone for Jared Harr...
 This series could very well be the best Britco...
 I must say, when I read the storyline on the b...
 I've tried to watch this film 3 or 4 times, bu...
 although i liked this Western,i do have to say...
 Don't be fooled by the nostalgic aura that sur...
 This is a low-budget spoof of the espionage ge...
 Jack Frost is about a serial killer who is sen...
 A paranoid scientist creates a wolfman by tran...
 This anime recounts the tale of the Battle for...
 Sure, for it's super imagery and awesome sound...
 I knew nothing of this film before I was convi...
 If you are looking for a modern film version o...
 Doctor Who is amazing. It is everyones 'cup of...
 A movie about a French girl who gets raped by ...
 This is the kind of movie that leaves you with...
 Every episode I saw when I was an innocent chi...
 ... You can't exactly shove her out of the way...
 Loved today's show!!! It was a variety and not...
 The story and music (George Gershwin!) are won...
 Okay, anyone looking to see a great work of ar...
 I live in Rome where the Turkish director of t...
 We can start with the wooden acting but this f...
 I've no idea what dimwit from San Francisco ca...
 While I totally disagree with one reviewer who...
 This doesn't quite plumb the depths of Creepsh...
 I just saw "Behind Bedroom Doors," and this wa...
 The scariest thing about freshman director Car...
 The name "Lucio Fulci" congers up images of gr...
 The screen writers for this mini-series should...
 I remember when this came out it was the first...
 After renting One True Thing the other night, ...
 Smartly written, well acted, intense and suspe...
 first this deserves about 5 stars due to actin...
 Sweet young nurse Charlotte Beale (a charming ...
 This movie is very entertaining, and any criti...
 This starts out interestingly, as there's a ca...
 This film is outstanding! On this date of APR,...
 Okay like most Steven Seagal fans I know I not...
 The acting is awkward and creepy, and not in a...
 I bought this movie from a market stall three ...
 I was surprised how much I enjoyed this. Sure ...
 Sorry this movie did not scare me it just anno...
 It is nice to see the likes of Oliver Stone, B...
 Gung Ho is one of those movies that I never ge...
 This movie strikes me as one of the most succe...
 Dil was a memorable movie that bring to the ce...
 Uma Thurman plays Sissy, a young woman with a ...
 What horrible writing and acting. No personali...
 First, let's call this movie what it is:<br />...
 Hooper is Not Funny, Not Fasted paced, Not rom...
 THE FOURTH MAN (Paul Verhoeven - Netherlands 1...
 "Grande Ecole" is not an artful exploration of...
 What a wasted cast.<br /><br />This is one of ...
 You have to respect this movie. It may be "jus...
 Within the realm of Science Fiction, two parti...
 WHAT AN AWESOME FILM!!!!!!!! I came out of the...
 Being a huge horror movie fan, one of the most...
 I would have liked to give this movie a zero b...
 Acolytes presents an interesting mix of origin...
 Corey Haim is never going to be known as one o...
 Just to let everyone know, this is possibly th...
 I had never heard about this movie when it was...
 I can appreciate movies with subtitles from fo...
 For those of us who are part of the real world...
 Cinematically, this film stinks. So does a lot...
 Taut, topical political thriller, taking squar...
 Yes, I give it a 10 because I compare it not o...
 After a string of successful 'a man and his mo...
 The only complaint I heard about this film was...
 I saw this movie on the BIFFF Festival in Brus...
 "The Haunted World of Edward D. Wood, Jr." is ...
 Lisa is a hotel manager or owner and she gets ...
 I came across this film by accident and wish I...
 Although it doesn't seem very promising for a ...
 No, "Lifeforce" is not a great movie.<br /><br...
 It'd be easy to call Guys and Dolls great. It'...
 Seven Pounds stars Will Smith as Ben Thomas, a...
 I chose to watch this film because I am a Step...
 This movie is not just good, its amazing. Besi...
 Adored by fans for his unusually charming crea...
 I watched this film on Telly the other night a...
 The ultimate homage to a great film actress.Th...
 I can't express enough just how bad this film ...
 This film did well at the box office, and the ...
 It's not difficult, after watching this film, ...
 I voted 3 for this movie because it looks grea...
 I was raised in a "very Christian" household s...
 Freely, from one scene to another, from one st...
 On the bright side, it ended. That's the only ...
 "Broadcast News" is directed by James L. Brook...
 this movie is quite bad, aggressive, not playe...
 This Lifetime style movie takes the middle age...
 "Fear of a Black Hat" is a superbly crafted fi...
 Okay, some other people have commented that th...
 Without a doubt the most impressive recent gay...
 Really bad movie. Maybe the worst I've ever se...
 I am sorry to fans of this film but it is the ...
 When I was very young,on a local tv station,th...
 About the worst movie in distribution right no...
 Okay, so I love silly movies. If you enjoy sil...
 Fragmentaric movie about a couple of people in...
 A team of amateur journalists and tree-huggers...
 This series is set a year after the mission to...
 One of the best Tarzan films is also one of it...
 It is OK movie if it would be done by high sch...
 The very first time I saw this I recoiled in H...
 "Dominion" is a good movie,but not original.It...
 this film is in the MANDINGO & DRUM type<br />...
 ... and I DO mean it. If not literally (after ...
 well i wasn't sure what the film was going to ...
 I have a lot of time for all the Columbo films...
 YETI deserves the 8 star rating because it is ...
 I am and have been a serious collector of Chri...
 This year's Royal Rumble wasn't really bad, bu...
 Sometimes it's hard to judge how bad a film ma...
 The problem with THE CONTRACTER is summed up b...
 As low budget indies go, you will usually find...
 Even Mel Gibson couldnt save this slop of a mo...
 You've got to be kidding. This movie sucked fo...
 Jeff Wincott is not only a Hunk, he can kick b...
 The title of this film is taken from a party g...
 A mix of 70's drug humor along with parody of ...
 I have not seen a Van Damme flick for a while,...
 In terms of quality movies, this isn't one of ...
 THE SEA INSIDE a film by Alejandro Amenabar.<b...
 Airport '77 starts as a brand new luxury 747 p...
 I missed the beginning but I did see most of i...
 Considering the film’s reputation as truly the...
 Back in the forties, when movies touched on ma...
 After seeing several movies of Villaronga, I h...
 Strikes me as routine, as far as TV movies go....
 The young John Garfield turned in a fine perfo...
 This movie is total dumbness incarnate. Yet, i...
 Sometime I fail to understand what do the dire...
 This movie starts with interesting set design ...
 This film is excellent! Fear of watching docum...
 Despite much style, flash, and glitter, this F...
 Saw this Saturday night at the Provincetown Fi...
 I own this movie. I am actually from the same ...
 This amusing Bugs Bunny cartoon sees the retur...
 Drew Barrymore keeps seeing her alter-ego all ...
 All the right elements seemed to conspire here...
 This is a classic example of what happens when...
 A good friend of mine one said: "A monkey is f...
 *** Warning - this review contains "plot spoil...
 This movie is one of the most wildly distorted...
 This is one for the Golden Turkey book. It's a...
 I was geared up to not like this movie, and th...
 The Hebrew Hammer is a clever idea wasted, as ...
 I've read many negative reviews of this movie ...
 Looking for Quo Vadis at my local video store,...
 It's nice to see Julie Andrews trying a straig...
 This digital horror film brings us into the Mi...
 Darcy and her young daughter Pamela are headin...
 This is possibly the worst film I have ever se...
 This is a fine concept piece and the acting by...
 Its a sin how these things are made, but then ...
 Some illegal so-called asylum seeker comes to ...
 I was fortunate to attend the London premier o...
 This show has a few clichés and a few over the...
 THE RED CIRCLE (Jean-Pierre Melville - France/...
 Not bad but could be loads better, also seems ...
 I don't care what anyone else says, this movie...
 I'd been postponing purchasing this one ever s...
 i honestly think that that was the best versio...
 Following on directly from the last episode of...
 For 50 years after world war 2 the United Stat...
 It was a terrific movie! I like to watch it ag...
 Not many people have seen this film, and it is...
 Firstly I loved the book, more so than the mor...
 Okay, I admit I like Brigitte Neilsen in an un...
 Wow...I don't know what to say. I just watched...
 This film is moving without being sentimental ...
 Ever since I remember, I have loved airplanes ...
 May 2004, Wonderland is fairly new in the UK. ...
 Not sure if I'm referring to those who labeled...
 We went to see Manna from Heaven, my husband, ...
 As a fan of Notorious B.I.G., I was looking fo...
 The unpleasant "home invasion" genre can be tr...
 OK first of all let me say that i'm still amaz...
 Oh how awfully this movie is! I don't know if ...
 Movies like this make me wonder what modern ho...
 This movie was a classic. I would have to say ...
 I lay the blame for The Comebacks on anyone wh...
 or any stories reminiscent of the Leopold and ...
 In the only act of commonsense they have ever ...
 I just finished watching this film and WOW was...
 Went out with my friends and saw this movie la...
 A couple are split apart during a vacation. Ea...
 This movie is widely admonished as being a cop...
 An Intelligent and well obtained film worth to...
 I have seen this movie maybe a 100 times, neve...
 Hitchcock was of the opinion that audiences ar...
 It's so sad that Romanian audiences are still ...
 I had the great pleasure of recently viewing t...
 This film is an hour or so of good entertainme...
 This is widely viewed in Australia as one of t...
 So on the Chills Network on cable they are hav...
 I read so many comments that I, too, shared ab...
 A beautiful movie, especially if you like hors...
 The Custer Legend, a la Warner Brothers Epic. ...
 This comedy is really not funny. It' a romance...
 So I turned on the TV today at 1:00 PM on a Su...
 After reading the comment made about this movi...
 This is the third movie in a month I have watc...
 First Off, I am a huge fan of Robert Blake, al...
 Arthur Miller certainly knows. His stories giv...
 Corny and some really bad acting but for a Gol...
 I always thought my father had a second life a...
 Hollywood now has officially gone too far and ...
 This is one dreary, inert, self-important bore...
 The animal-eating (geek) scenes were not as ba...
 It's exactly what I expected from it. Relaxing...
 Long before "Brokeback Mountain" (about 23 yea...
 This picture seemed way to slanted, it's almos...
 I'M BOUT IT(1997)<br /><br />Developed & publi...
 When an orphanage manager goes on vacation, hi...
 This movie rivals "Plan 9" as one of the dumbe...
 I am a Shakespeare fan, and I can appreciate w...
 This started out slow, then got worse. The bes...
 My friends usually can put up with a lot of ho...
 Kudos to the patience of Paul Muni, who spent ...
 This is one of my favorite comedies ever. Not ...
 I have always loved bad creations, rhetorical ...
 My Caddy Limo was destroyed!!! Well, I had one...
 this movies is really special ! it's about a y...
 Garlin outdoes himself as writer-director-acto...
 Fox is pretty lame. They cancel the wrong show...
 Just had the misfortune to see this truly awfu...
 Even if you know absolutely nothing about Irel...
 First off, I would like to point out that the ...
 I don't think any player in Hollywood history ...
 From the beginning of the movie, it gives the ...
 Actress Ruth Roman's real-life philanthropic g...
 The major flaw with the film is its uninspired...
 Splendid film that in just eight minutes displ...
 Back in the day of the big studio system, the ...
 Blood Castle (aka Scream of the Demon Lover, A...
 All the other comments already said what I was...
 First I'd like to excuse my bad English.<br />...
 Well, some people might go to see this to watc...
 The best thing about "The Prey" is the tag lin...
 A wonderful television mini-series completely ...
 I had to watch this movie for professional rea...
 This is an Excellent little movie! The acting ...
 This is a great British film. A cleverly obser...
 Angels and Demons: 3 out of 10: Clearly someth...
 Meh, Sums it all up for me really. Boring stor...
 Schoolies is a pointless exercise... Go to Gol...
 I have not seen this movie in ages but figured...
 I'm sorry but this is just plain pathetic. The...
 The Western society has been fed ideas about I...
 I bought this because it was $1.99 and Harry C...
 Seeing the title of this movie "Stupid Teenage...
 OK, so I'am chilling in my room when mom knock...
 I admit to being in awe of the Sea and have sp...
 It's a sad state in corporate Hollywood when a...
 Yes non-Singaporean's can't see what's the big...
 Sleepwalkers are creatures who drain the life ...
 I am a regular reader of Kathy Reichs' Tempera...
 This crap is like watching paint dry. I'm so d...
 After the already disappointing "Final Conflic...
 I saw this movie years ago, and I was impresse...
 When I first saw a glimpse of this movie, I qu...
 This movie is an abortive, stillborn attempt t...
 Hello it is I Derrick Cannon and I welcome you...
 When me and my GF went to see this film, we di...
 <br /><br />This film is a summary of Visconti...
 I'm not even gonna waste time on this one; it'...
 I was disappointed with the recent (2000) Amer...
 Oh, dear! This has to be one of the worst film...
 War is hell. But this documentary of WWII is h...
 This film set the standard for all rock biopic...
 In this Muppet movie, Kermit, Miss Piggy, Fozz...
 This movie had all the potential and makings o...
 The original 1965 Japanese film "Gamera" http:...
 This production never really got off the groun...
 It's easy to forget, once later series had dev...
 The only reason I am giving a second star is f...
 As an ex Merchant Seaman I was really interest...
 I know it's not original, but what the hey? Wh...
 My wife and I never got into the movie.We thou...
 A good, but not great film, "The Great Dictato...
 After seeing the trailer of this film in the c...
 I discovered this film after reading the book ...
 This formulaic film (hero's girlfriend marries...
 I have seen a few of Fred Carpenter's movies o...
 **SPOILERS**<br /><br />This is one BAD movie....
 This is a beautifully filmed movie that questi...
 Oddly, I have very little to say about "The Bo...
 <br /><br />Human Body --- WoW.<br /><br />The...
 This ranks way up there on my top list of wors...
 This movie succeeds at being one of the most u...
 This movie have 4 parts and every is around 17...
 But this is a great martial arts film. Liu Chi...
 Pushing Daisies was a wonderful show. Much lik...
 Watching this movie, I can't help drawing the ...
 What a total lump of poopoo this was! You've g...
 This is one military drama I like a lot! Tom B...
 I know most of the other reviews say that this...
 Having known and loved this book since I was e...
 I became a fan of the TV series `Homicide: Lif...
 This film, like much of their music, is either...
 This film takes what could have been a good id...
 With a tendency to repeat himself, Wenders has...
 With the fairly recent release of Carlos Saura...
 This very finely crafted film commits the unfo...
 Poor Shirley MacLaine tries hard to lend some ...
 Okay at first this movie seemed pretty good ev...
 there is a story, but more essentially, the wo...
 Some of my old friends suggested me to watch t...
 An updated version of a theme which has been d...
 This film was not about stereotypes, nor dance...
 "Unhinged" is one strange little film, a forgo...
 Imagine that you are asked by your date what m...
 and parading around a 14-year-old girl in a th...
 I just watched this on Turner Classic Movies L...
 I went into this expecting not to like it; I f...
 This movie is a prime example of squandering g...
 Two years later... Bill (Alex Winter) and Ted ...
 I was so looking forward to watching the docum...
 Someone mentioned editing. This is edited badl...
 I gave it an 8 star rating. The story may have...
 Without "mental anachronism", this film which ...
 Fuckland is an interesting film. I personally ...
 I remember watching this movie on TV a few yea...
 I really have to say, this was always a favori...
 I went to the movies to see Claudine and loved...
 Giant Robot was the most popular Japanese TV s...
 I figured that any horror film with Orson Well...
 I first saw this movie in a queer film festiva...
 Writer-director Dean Bell offered many surpris...
 Enigma is a computer part which scrambles Russ...
 May or may not contain spoilers. <br /><br />I...
 The Capture Of Bigfoot is one of the silliest ...
 First, this film is not a "thriller." Neither ...
 This is another of my favorite Columbos. It sp...
 There's something frustrating about watching a...
 Wendy Wu: Homecoming Warrior has a very good, ...
 I saw this at the 2004 Stony Brook Film Festiv...
 I saw this film at the Toronto International F...
 SPOILER ALERT--AND I REALLY MEAN IT!! READ NO ...
 Aside for being classic in the aspect of its c...
 For a movie with a plot like this I would norm...
 Damn, was that a lot to take in. I was pretty ...
 I absolutely love stand-up comedy. I love to h...
 One of the last films DIRECTED by Lionel Barry...
 Begotten is certainly an experience, and a out...
 I'm not going to tell anyone what happens in t...
 As I watched this movie I began to feel very n...
 This is just a very bad film. Miles looks as i...
 Jewish newspaper reporter Justin Timberlake (a...
 I cannot see how anyone can say that this was ...
 It has its merit's; Morvern Callar is both the...
 Of the ten actors who portrayed Philo Vance in...
 I remember when I first saw this movie. I was ...
 There's simply no redeeming quality about this...
 if you didn't live in the 90's or didn't liste...
 I Sell the Dead is a big, sloppy horror comedy...
 <br /><br />There is STAR TREK canon -- lots o...
 Fragglerock is excellent in the way that Schin...
 Believe it or not, at 12 minutes, this film (f...
 If Archie Bunker was armed, he may well have b...
 Well, what was fun... except for the fun part....
 I wasn't sure when I heard about this coming o...
 This movie was in a box set with 20 others, wi...
 When I saw 6.0 on IMDb, I was rather impressed...
 Its plain to see why the makers of Scary Movie...
 'Take Fame' and 'You've Got Served' and roughl...
 Near-wonderful mixture of comedy, romance, and...
 Now, I watched this when I was hungover one Su...
 This is hands down the worst movie of all time...
 As I said the idea itself was great and it had...
 Yet again one of the most misunderstood Goddes...
 Alright, I have to admit that I have never see...
 I was China in this film. I choose the screen ...
 This movie is all about blaxploitation, there ...
 When I started watching the show I said "Oh, n...
 When I saw that Mary Louise Parker was associa...
 Jean Seberg had not one iota of acting talent....
 This film's a big bore. It has a plenty of Pre...
 I had no idea what this movie was until I read...
 I have seen about a thousand horror films. (my...
 I saw Bogard when it was released in the 70s. ...
 I'm not going to say the story of the movie as...
 ...when he remade Broadway BILL (1934) as RIDI...
 This is the kind of film you want to see with ...
 Well, what's wrong with the title "Separate Li...
 Slayer is a mindless vampire movie with a few ...
 There is only one problem with this website, y...
 I was not expecting a classic, but at least a ...
 This is an excellent example of what can be do...
 Believe it or not, the Mona Lisa actually got ...
 The basic plot is good and can be engaging. Th...
 Hello Playmates.I recently watched this film f...
 After a while I realized it was just my IQ slo...
 This one reeler produced by MGM in 1936 showca...
 I will start by saying I have always been a Bo...
 The screen-play is very bad, but there are som...
 Lucio Fulci was famous for his Italian splatte...
 Yesterday I attended the world premiere of "De...
 Why do people make bad movies? Didn't anyone w...
 WEBS is a pretty odd movie, albeit slightly wa...
 The summer of 1979, when this flick was a stap...
 I should start off by saying I have something ...
 There really is only one reason to watch this ...
 I can fondly remember Bo Derek's heyday and th...
 Don't listen to the prissy critics who are pro...
 Gabe Ryan (Frankie Thomas) gets out of reform ...
 A pre-code stunner with Stanwyck playing a spe...
 For a film by a first time director, this is a...
 I like silent films, but this was a little too...
 Another attempt by modern Japanese directors t...
 This is a truly awful movie. The jokes are few...
 Intelligent, stylish, and compelling thriller ...
 This movie really sucks.<br /><br />Just try t...
 In modern day Eastern Europe life is hard and ...
 ...but a lousy film. As Maltin says this was C...
 I fail to understand why anyone would allow a ...
 Went to watch this movie expecting a 'nothing ...
 Yes, MTV there really is a way to market Daria...
 I love watching a good gory giallo. Unfortunat...
 If utterly facile, regressive, self-indulgent,...
 This is the most inaccurate and disgraceful bi...
 One of my favorite movies. Great cast, lead by...
 I first heard of Unisol 2 when I drove past a ...
 I thought I read somewhere that this was the l...
 A very bizarre bringing to the screen of Willi...
 First love. Teenage love. We all have experien...
 Random Hearts is a very well directed, well sc...
 Some might scoff, but there is actually a real...
 I thought watching employment videos on corpor...
 The main reason to check this one out is to wa...
 This sequel proves that Tim Burton was for all...
 I love Ustinov's distinctive, literate narrati...
 I am insulted and angry over the idea that a s...
 I really enjoyed watching Hell to Pay. I've be...
 Sure, this flick set in Eastern Europe is fill...
 Spoiler with plot explanation: a poor family i...
 I watched this episode a lot of times because ...
 I once thought that "The Stoned Age" was the w...
 Wonderful film, one of the best horror films o...
 The cult of personality has elevated the statu...
 Unless you are already familiar with the pop s...
 There are subtleties in this film that I think...
 Without a doubt this is one of the worst films...
 Four prisoners share a single cell: the domine...
 I thought this movie seemed like a case study ...
 Being a big fan of the "other" PLANET OF THE A...
 This game is from a genre of games that tried ...
 Walking With Dinoasaurs is a new and exciting ...
 Apart from the DA (James Eckhouse), and a brie...
 An interesting idea involving an alternative d...
 You don't review James Bond movies, you evalua...
 I was 10 or eleven years old when this movie c...
 Adam Sandler's movies are my favorite comedies...
 FAIL. I'd love to give this crap a 0. Yes, I r...
 In the XXII century an architect by the name o...
 Despite the rave reviews this flick has garner...
 This film is definitely a product of its times...
 with very little screen time and money, Dan Ka...
 I didn't personally know Karen Carpenter, nor,...
 This movie is one of the most awful I've ever ...
 Rock Star: INXS was the best music TV series I...
 A woman in love with her husband (he's suicida...
 I did not enjoy the film Eraser whatsoever. It...
 This is a very funny movie! I have no idea whe...
 For me this is Ealing Studio's most perfect fi...
 In 1989, Aardman Animations introduced the two...
 I remember seeing this film in the theater and...
 Early film directed by D.W. Griffith; it featu...
 "They both believed that a hidden sentiment ha...
 I really can't see why people seem to dislike ...
 You might be tempted to rent this film because...
 'Cry Freedom' is a movie about how far people ...
 Yesterday was Earth Day (April 22, 2009) in th...
 The House of the Dead was the worst movie I ha...
 Why didn't this pick up a bag full of Oscars? ...
 If, in the first 10 minutes of this film, you ...
 Inspector "Dirty" Harry Callahan once again an...
 "Wired" would have to rate as one of the ten w...
 Jeremy Northam's characterization of the stutt...
 TV director uses astral projection to kill peo...
 This is absolutely the most stupidest movie ev...
 This has the absolute worst performance from R...
 Laura Gemser plays a magazine photographer who...
 Dana Andrews stands "Where the Sidewalk Ends" ...
 I recently rented Twister, a movie I'd seen se...
 One of my favorite Twilight Zone episodes. And...
 It's very sly for all of the 60's look to the ...
 The bad news: the Canadian version of Beast In...
 I'm giving this movie a 1 because there are no...
 Aghhhhhh! What a disappointment. A perfectly g...
 This is a movie with an excellent concept for ...
 Martha Plimpton has done some prestigious movi...
 What can I add that the previous comments have...
 This is one of the all-time great "Our Gang" s...
 I missed the entire season of the show and sta...
 This movie is too stupid for words. Even if yo...
 This is almost the worst film you will ever se...
 I have to say, as a BSG fan I wasn't exactly s...
 Hey all you jive hustlers, you stone foxes, yo...
 The movie I received was a great quality film ...
 While everyone does a decent job in this film,...
 Sometimes realism can work against the effecti...
 First I must say that I enjoyed the first Unde...
 For all intents and purposes, Showtime was the...
 I felt it necessary to respond to the comments...
 I should have realized that any two-video set ...
 What a load of Leftist Hollywood bilge. This m...
 "Death Wish 3" is the movie equivalent of a sh...
 A friend of mine was in the cast as a FEDS age...
 Yes, it's Sean Connery playing Bond again, loo...
 This is a "revised" Riverdance presentation, s...
 When It Comes to ANY Movie that was made in or...
 This is the moving tale of Scotland's legendar...
 i didn't enjoy this movie at all.for one,i jus...
 Invasion of the Star Creatures would definitel...
 Hey Arnold! is a slow-paced and slightly borin...
 Yes, in this movie you are treated to multiple...
 I just spent the last half an hour reading thr...
 Poorly-made "blaxploitation" crime-drama aimed...
 I am very impressed by the reviews I've read o...
 I enjoy gay-themed movies where the characters...
 I got to see the movie " On Thin Ice" on the t...
 I feel this is one of the best movies I've see...
 Before seeing this movie, please check out rev...
 If you're the kind of movie-goer who enjoys or...
 This is an intimate movie of a sincere girl in...
 Wow! That James Purefoy looks exactly like Tho...
 Overall I found this film good: exceptional ac...
 In an interview, David Duchovny said he hasn't...
 Oscar Wilde's comedy of manners, perhaps the w...
 "GEORGE LOPEZ," in my opinion, is an absolute ...
 Although I have not seen this mini-series in o...
 "Wisecracker," the biography of actor William ...
 I rented this one to see Vanesa Talor one more...
 Insisting that Martin Luther King's inspiratio...
 High heels are tricksy things. They can elevat...
 This delightful movie tells the story of buds....
 Lolita is a rebel and she's going to share to ...
 From the first to the last scene of the movie,...
 It's very funny. It has a great cast who each ...
 What's there not to like?<br /><br />I caught ...
 I gave this a 10 out of 10 points. I love it s...
 First of all, I am not a huge fan of contempor...
 simply i just watched this movie just because ...
 This movie proves that good acting comes from ...
 Omen IV (1991) was a bad made-for-T.V. movie. ...
 Now being a fan of sci fi, the trailer for thi...
 This movie got better with time. I can't belie...
 Oh my god, this movie is incredible, it's the ...
 Wow. Uhm...well...wow! I guess I'll start with...
 I really wanted to like this movie. It has a n...
 I watched this movie and all I can say is this...
 As anyone old enough knows, South Africa long ...
 I'm an incorrigible skeptic and agnostic and w...
 OK - you want to test somebody on how comforta...
 It's a good thing I didn't watch this while i ...
 Please see also my comment on Die Nibelungen p...
 Though not exactly a comedy in the usual sense...
 The only pure life, is one that ends with a si...
 After spending half an hour examining Rumors, ...
 Lethargic direction ruins an otherwise compell...
 A lot of good things could have been done with...
 "Everything is Illuminated" is like viewing a ...
 **WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILER**<br /><br />If yo...
 Revenge is the theme of this Denzel Washington...
 Yes, it's another great magical Muppet's movie...
 This is just the same old crap that is spewed ...
 This is probably the best movie filmed in at l...
 Oh, come on people give this film a break. The...
 I consider myself lucky that I got to view a w...
 David Lean's worst film. Even 'In Which We Ser...
 In what I can say was a theft of my time I was...
 I love this movie! 10 out of 10 hands down! It...
 When i went to see this i thought, i liked the...
 This is yet another tell-it-as-it-is Madhur Bh...
 Bonny Hunt scores a coup with her directorial ...
 An excellent thriller of all time. Vijay Anand...
 Daniell Steel's Daddy, what a refreshing story...
 I just saw this movie yesterday...I cannot bel...
 The story itself is routine: A boy runs away f...
 I found this movie to be preachy and unrealist...
 A female friend invited me to see this in the ...
 one of my favorite lines in Shakespeare.<br />...
 As a true lover of film I must advise you to a...
 What a class bit of British cinema! It's about...
 I watched this movie. To the end. And that was...
 Alfred Hitchcock's remake of "The Man Who Who ...
 Looking at the ratings you would assume this i...
 I have to be 100% honest with you fellow IMDb ...
 No one would argue that this 1945 war film was...
 I just want to say that this production is ver...
 i am very disappointed with this movie because...
 No words can describe my utter hatred for this...
 There is more to this movie than meets the eye...
 15 PARK AVENUE is the address "Mithi/Mithali" ...
 If you see this movie, you know you will see a...
 Not a very good movie but according to the inf...
 This sci-fi masterpiece has too many flaws aft...
 I have seen this film many times and I like al...
 If you like movies that will make you think, t...
 I havent seen that movie in 20 or more years b...
 This movie is great. Stylish, fun, good acting...
 Jackie Chan movies are typical examples of how...
 Henri-Georges Clouzot's film is quiet an examp...
 I have not seen this movie since 1979 when I w...
 One of those el cheapo action adventures of th...
 Hollywood movies since the 1930s have treated ...
 I think Shane Black is one of the all time gre...
 Imagine turning out the lights in your remote ...
 Not that I was really surprised....movies are ...
 This movie is well done on so many levels that...
 I saw this film at the Santa Barbara Film Fest...
 This being my first John Carpenter film, I mus...
 I remember I loved this movie when it came out...
 Christopher Lambert is annoying and disappoint...
 I have been watching "LOST" with my family sin...
 At the Academy Awards ceremony on March 27, 19...
 Oh man is this movie bad. It flows horribly. T...
 Working in a music store, my collegue first ti...
 If you've seen other movies like this, they're...
 just another showcase of led zeppelin at their...
 Prince of Central Park (2000) is so utterly ba...
 There is a reason to call this a teen flick. O...
 When I was in 10th grade me and my buddy were ...
 This was intolerable. (SPOILER #1) Protagonist...
 I saw this by chance showing on cable on wante...
 This is the kind of movie i fear the most. Arr...
 No. Just NO. That's all that needs to be said....
 I watch many movies, but presently my genre nu...
 When I saw this movie three years ago, I thoug...
 To like this movie at most you must be a)stron...
 Me and my sister rented this movie because we ...
 I was a Marine at Camp Pendleton when the D.I....
 Set in the Cameroons in West Africa in the 195...
 The main attraction of Anywhere but Here is th...
 First of all this movie is a piece of reality ...
 Ten minutes of people spewing gallons of pink ...
 This is supposedly a story in which a GROWN MA...
 This movie, even though is about one of the mo...
 My Name is Modesty is a low-budget film that t...
 I had quite high hopes for this film, even tho...
 The first half hour or so of this movie I like...
 For those who think of Dame May Witty as the k...
 Let's see. What annoyed me most? The extra lon...
 One of the most underrated movies I've seen in...
 I gave this movie a 5 out of pure pity. My int...
 Greetings from Lithuania.<br /><br />This is t...
 This is my all-time favorite Fred Astaire and ...
 There is only one film I can think of that mig...
 I remember that show. I still remember that ki...
 Bad editing, bad production values, bad contin...
 This film, for what it was set out to be, succ...
 This movie is very funny. Amitabh Bachan and G...
 I wasn't expecting much because of the harsh r...
 I tried restarting the movie twice. I put it i...
 I'm a Christian who generally believes in the ...
 All movies that contain "goofy sound effects" ...
 Quentin Tarantino's partner in crime Roger Ava...
 I suck at gratuitous Boob references, so i'm j...
 Although this small film kind of got lost in t...
 One of the most definitive gangster films of t...
 What's the point of this messages if not to di...
 When I saw this movie cover, the first thing I...
 I don't really mind the creative ideas interje...
 This is a slick little movie well worth your t...
 Being a great fan of Disney, i was really disa...
 I can only assume that the other reviewers of ...
 The first reviewer is right - In this movie we...
 In a way, this film reminded me of "Jumping Ja...
 "A Guy Thing" may not be a classic, but it sur...
 This movie was extremely funny, I would like t...
 When I was young I had seen very few movies. M...
 I cherish each and every frame of this beautif...
 I find it difficult to comprehend what makes v...
 Michael Allred's comic book stories, particula...
 This movie is truly unique. It really captures...
 This movie was really stupid and I thought tha...
 Dumb is as dumb does, in this thoroughly unint...
 OK, so obviously ppl thought this was a good m...
 This movie is a great movie ONLY if you need s...
 Seldom do we see such short comments written b...
 Lots of singing and dancing in this one, espec...
 Poorly directed short "film" (shot on hi-def o...
 The Curse of Monkey Island. Released excactly ...
 this is a piece of s--t!! this looks worse tha...
 In my opinion dads army is thee best British s...
 ANCHORS AWEIGH is an entertaining MGM musical ...
 The late, great Robert Bloch (author of PSYCHO...
 Outside the household is a different world and...
 As I peruse through the hundreds of comments t...
 I saw this in the theater during it's initial ...
 This movie just didn't do it for me. I like ho...
 The question of whether or not one likes this ...
 1928 is in many ways a "lost year" in motion p...
 You, know, I can take the blood and the sex, b...
 Based on the best selling novel by Khaled Hoss...
 We were excited to rent this one after reading...
 The story is shortly about the faith-lacking b...
 Never been kissed starring Drew Barymore as Re...
 So far Nightmares and Dreamscapes has been err...
 Okay, to be fair this movie did have an intere...
 I've been watching "Dick Tracy" for years, and...
 A good cast is appallingly wasted in this slow...
 This is an awful movie from just about every p...
 Well, shuck me sideways. I haven't seen a home...
 This is one cheap looking movie! A stripper ke...
 I grew up in Houston and was nine when this mo...
 "RVAM"'s reputation preceded it. I first heard...
 Yesterday was one of those days we decided to ...
 Extremely well-conceived - part whatever happe...
 Well, well... Even if you're a fervent admirer...
 I really don't want to compare Martin Scorsese...
 This movie was absolutly awful. I can't think ...
 Saw the film at the Hollywood Film Festival in...
 Being the sci-fi fan that I am, I was always c...
 This is the greatest example I can think of to...
 Probably one of his lesser known films, it suf...
 This is a poor excuse for a movie. A film noir...
 While this movie has many flaws, it is in fact...
 When I first read the plot of this drama i ass...
 Had this movie been made just a few years late...
 To the eight people who found the previous FIE...
 The anime that got me hooked on anime...<br />...
 I truly enjoyed the movie, however, I did not ...
 Once in a while you get amazed over how BAD a ...
 I was really excited when I read "The Cantervi...
 I see what the director was trying to do but h...
 I was watching this with one of my friends, wh...
 We'll never know The Truth about 9/11. And thi...
 A female country singer nicknamed "Big T"--ser...
 This is a gripping story that borrows elements...
 Don't waste your time or money on this one. Th...
 Don't listen to the misleading title "Werewolf...
 Mr Bean was great fun, i loved it, every episo...
 And my children love it now! Granted, I can wa...
 It's beyond my comprehension that so much rubb...
 A strangely enjoyable effort, combining an app...
 This game is an action/adventure with combat. ...
 It could not have come from a different countr...
 After sitting through this god-awful 82-minute...
 I loved the first two movies, but this movie w...
 I just watched Congo on DVD.In most cases I lo...
 I have to admit that I absolutely loved this m...
 Kevin Spacey is without a doubt one of the bes...
 This should have rocked. VH1 moved away from t...
 i have just seen the movie "15 park avenue" wh...
 I saw this movie many years ago, have tried to...
 Cliche romance drama movie with very simple pl...
 Unfortunately I have to agree with the critic ...
 My sister, a friend and I went to see this fil...
 "The Thief of Bagdad" is impressive in the sha...
 This was an excellent idea and the scenery was...
 I thought "puppets making crank phone calls" w...
 I watched full house when I was younger and I ...
 Beautifully photographed and ably acted, gener...
 Although I generally do not like remakes belie...
 The role of Buddy Ackerman is no stretch for K...
 Well, let me put it this way - I have always b...
 In my opinion, A GUY THING is a hilarious, wit...
 With boundless, raw energy and an uncompromisi...
 No idea how this is rated as high as it is (5....
 The film is bad. There is no other way to say ...
 Bette Davis' cockney accent in this film is ab...
 This is one of the best animated family films ...
 Very nice action with an interwoven story whic...
 In the first Howling, we are introduced to a w...
 I LOVED this program, and for years searched f...
 I've just watch 2 films of Pang brothers, The ...
 Radio was a very good movie, and honestly, i n...
 Felix Unger (Jack Lemmon) has just been dumped...
 Well not actually. This movie is very entertai...
 I have been an admirer of Edward Burtynsky's w...
 fulci experiments with sci fi and fails. usual...
 I instantly fell in love with "Pushing Daisies...
 In a famous essay he wrote about Charles Dicke...
 Need I say more? The reason the GOOD Australia...
 Televised in 1982, from a Los Angeles producti...
 "Dracula II:Ascension" is the story of a group...
 AWFUL wot more can i say i remember seeing it ...
 I suffered the watching of this movie at Sitge...
 Even though this film is 11 years old, I just ...
 There was something about the original three f...
 This is one to watch a few times. The excellen...
 I provided location services on the this film ...
 Even in her glasses wearing geek mode Kathy Ir...
 The creators of south park in their own film h...
 Watched on Hulu (far too many commercials!) so...
 I Love this movie! I know some people might sa...
 I was very fond of this film. It kept me guess...
 The monster will look very familiar to you. So...
 Most people, especially young people, may not ...
 I was so excited when I discovered this was av...
 The original was a good movie. I bought it on ...
 This is the best version of Gypsy that has bee...
 I noted that the official IMDb review refers t...
 I watched this film without knowing anything a...
 hi, This is the worst movie I have ever seen i...
 'This Is Not a Film' works because it is so tr...
 I bought this DVD for £1 and now i realise why...
 Hysterically painful; perhaps the kind of movi...
 First off I am in my mid 40's. Been watchin ho...
 The efficacy of this picture was best proven o...
 I went into this movie with low expectations, ...
 I really liked this movie. Of course the idea ...
 Okay, sorry, but I loved this movie. I just lo...
 "Seed" is torture porn...no doubt about it. Bu...
 The details in The Big Trail were so incredibl...
 This is without a doubt one of Neil Simon's be...
 Overall I'd call this a disappointing performa...
 Is it full moon tonight? OH! It doesn't matter...
 One of the best true-crime movies ever made an...
 Steely, powerful gangster supreme Frankie Diom...
 I just got home from seeing "Radio." I've not ...
 This movie goes beyond just being bad, it is d...
 This rubbish excuse for television is the sing...
 I'm really disappointed by this piece of work....
 The good thing about this that's at least fres...
 ANCHORS AWEIGH sees two eager young sailors, J...
 I've been a fan of Larry King's show for awhil...
 Boogie Nights is one of the best films to come...
 A sweet funny story of 2 people crossing paths...
 I agree totally with the last commenter this c...
 It is difficult to compete against classic gre...
 First, I don't see how the movie is on any "be...
 "The Case of the Scorpion's Tail" has all the ...
 I am so appalled by this documentary. I am dee...
 This film pulls you in from the get-go because...
 I always loved French movies because I think t...
 The female cast of this movie is terrific: you...
 I don't really know when it was that TV statio...
 I saw the biopic of Ed Wood many years ago. Ti...
 Most movies I can sit through easily, even if ...
 Acclaimed Argentine horror director Emilio Vie...
 The second in the Vacation series is easily th...
 actually... that "video camera" effect, is jus...
 This is the only movie I've seen Prince in but...
 Onstage John Osborne's adaptation of "Picture ...
 I bought this movie because this was Shah rukh...
 I don't think I could have enjoyed it more, th...
 Nice attempt to bring Shakespearian language a...
 We see a man move from city to "out-back" and ...
 I had to give this film a 1 because it's that ...
 It was great to see some of my favorite stars ...
 Dreck about three beautiful women in Californi...
 I love his martial arts style, it is quick, cl...
 Excellence seems to come rare in Hollwood toda...
 "The Classic War of the Worlds" by Timothy Hin...
 This entry doesn't contain a spoiler. It doesn...
 ...there's no one else watching the movie. My ...
 Here you see Mr. Eastwood in all of his glory ...
 A year or so ago, I was watching the TV news w...
 This is listed as a documentary, it's not, it'...
 Without question, this film has to be one of t...
 Watching a videotaped replay of about 8 variou...
 What an insult to the SA film industry! I have...
 The views of Earth that are claimed in this fi...
 Ouch, what a painfully BORING Sci-Fi movie! An...
 Although I'm not crazy about musicals, COVER G...
 The movie is basically the story of a Russian ...
 This film is based on the novel by John Fante....
 I use IMDB very much. Mainly reading comments ...
 My only question is: Why did they make this mo...
 This was a first feature for Clinton, I was th...
 We screened this movie in a club as an example...
 Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce as Sherlock Hol...
 All Dog's Go to Heaven is an animated kid's mo...
 OK, most of us agree that this is a weak attem...
 I really should have learned more about this m...
 Even though there's a repertoire of over 180 f...
 In December 1945 a train leaves the central st...
 I view probably 200 movies a year both at thea...
 After seeing the previews awhile back, I looke...
 It has only been a week since I saw my first J...
 One of the greatest westerns of all time! But ...
 This is what makes me proud to be British. Thi...
 Many people are standing in front of the house...
 You can call this one a flop, and that's a ver...
 This supernatural Peter Weir thriller is truly...
 What Game Over: Kasparov and the Machine does ...
 My 15 year old daughter asked me to watch this...
 I am an addict of the TV show, the live shows ...
 Excellent film showing the pathetic lives of t...
 Frank Falenczyk: It isn't that I'm sorry I kil...
 Despite being released on DVD by Blue Undergro...
 Wow! So much fun! Probably a bit much for norm...
 Less than 10 minutes into this film I wanted i...
 Do not waste your time watching this! Unless y...
 honestly, i loved Michael. although there were...
 After his classic film noir homage Chinatown R...
 If you enjoy riddles and suspense, you will en...
 The philosophical, meditative tone of this mov...
 Bar some of the questionable acting (there mus...
 Over the many years, there are some films that...
 Somewhere in USA, the young Clair manipulates ...
 I don't usually like to see movies while they'...
 It never ceases to amaze me how you can take a...
 The feel of this movie was amazing. Adam Sandl...
 This film is about the encounters of 7 couples...
 This is quite possibly the most retarded 80's ...
 This film is close to be my favorite piece of ...
 I was pretty surprised with this flick. Even t...
 Ever have one of those sneezes that seems to b...
 Viewers gushing over everything including the ...
 Harlan Banks is thief at the top of his game, ...
 Just when you think that you've seen the worst...
 Leatherheads is an apt title, however a leathe...
 If I could give this movie a negative rating I...
 I realized a couple of days ago that the maker...
 This is one of those movies that you just don'...
 After cleaning up Dodge City (with a little he...
 Crossfire is one of those films from the Forti...
 Growing up in a multi racial neighborhood back...
 Hey, I know Angel isn't the kind of show that ...
 I'm sorry to say this but I didn't enjoy this ...
 How many times do we have to see bad horror mo...
 I'm not alone in admiring the first Superman m...
 I'll keep this short, as I know I don't need t...
 Astounding.....This may have been A poor attem...
 Where to begin? the special effects should be ...
 (A possible spoiler or two) <br /><br /> "Soul...
 This show is verging on brilliant. It's a mode...
 Believe it or don't, i have my very own DVD co...
 There is a special heaven reserved for people ...
 This is a great movie to see with your girlfri...
 This is the worst waste of time I've ever expe...
 Unbelievably awful film. I watched part of thi...
 Simply, one of the funiest movies i've ever se...
 If you have trouble suspending disbelief then ...
 "Eaten Alive" goes down much easier than Rugge...
 The movie, although not faithful to the origin...
 Jean-Hugh Anglade is excellent as the teenaged...
 Childish storyline ripped off of a lame Hollyw...
 My wife did not realize what a gem this movie ...
 It was riveting. I just could not look away. A...
 I must say I was surprised to find several pos...
 If you like who-dun-its, you will like this fi...
 This movie isn't about football at all. It's a...
 My first post at the IMDb has to (unfortunatel...
 it's hard to make a negative statement here af...
 Ya know what? Family Guy started out as someth...
 This movie was terrible. John Wayne is a bruta...
 2002's undeservedly popular "I Love the 80's" ...
 This movie was the second movie I saw on the c...
 Cult purchasers are unquestionably familiar wi...
 Why is impossible to write in french ? Very Ki...
 Why???? What a disgusting joke of a supposed m...
 It's good to see that Vintage Film Buff have c...
 They said it would be a film greater than Turk...
 The animation quality here is decidedly below ...
 Wanda Nevada is a pubescent fantasy movie usin...
 i liked this western Starring Randolph Scoot a...
 Meville's caper film is not as good as his mos...
 This is defiantly a DVD rental movie. I'm a bi...
 "Flavia, la monaca muslmana" aka. "Flavia the ...
 It's got action and fantasy mixed all together...
 If you are studying Welles and want to see jus...
 I used to watch this show as a child, and I lo...
 Everyone else who has commented negatively abo...
 This is a semi fictional memoir of an "interna...
 Nominated for best documentary feature at 2004...
 If there's one thing I've learnt from watching...
 Enchanted April is a tone poem, an impressioni...
 OK, I taped this off TV and missed the very st...
 As listed and stated in many previous comments...
 Infamous pre-code film, really the one film th...
 The movie started off o.k. A couple of tourist...
 In a lonely road in Cape Girardeau, Missouri, ...
 Pressburger and Powell's greatest movie. David...
 This is a very well-made film, meticulously di...
 <br /><br />I saw this on the Sci-Fi channel. ...
 It's hard for me to explain this show to my gr...
 Let me being by saying the I followed watching...
 The movie has one nude scene: A man sitting on...
 I'm not saying that because the production val...
 This film blew me away. I thought I knew a lit...
 This "film" is a travesty. No, wait--an abomin...
 CAT SOUP has two "Hello Kitty"-type kittens em...
 This film, as low budget as it may be, is one ...
 Difficult film to comment on, how do you say i...
 With a minimal budget, a running time of eight...
 I just saw "If" I can remember the advertisem...
 Can any one help find out the title and artist...
 Just plain terrible. Nick and Michael are WAY ...
 All I can say is, first movie this season that...
 I've now written reviews for several of the Mo...
 After hoo-hooing American Indians scalp number...
 For unknown reasons this beautiful masterpiece...
 I saw a lot films about Charles Dickens' Chris...
 I found this movie on one of my old videos, af...
 Following a mugging incident at New York's Gra...
 'Crossing the Bridge: The Sound of Istanbul' i...
 This is a gently amusing coming-of-age comedy ...
 This film was amazing, it was extremely funny ...
 I found 'Still Crazy' to be marvelously entert...
 I always had this concept that Korean movies w...
 I am astounded that so many people find this f...
 I'm not a fan of Adam Sandler. In fact, I don'...
 Hollow point is an alright movie worth a half ...
 for many and many years, gaijin have visited j...
 Created by Dennis Spooner, 'Department S' was ...
 some funny lines are all what makes this movie...
 SPOILER AHEAD! The mummy (Lon Chaney Jr.) is o...
 This movie changed it all for me...I heard of ...
 I was in a bad frame of mind when I first saw ...
 I am not a huge fan of camp kitsch and the "so...
 Except for the acting of Meryl Streep, which i...
 Occasionally on talk shows a good topical deba...
 This is my first Almodavar film. I'll confess ...
 Long ago and far away they knew how to make a ...
 The movie is nothing extraordinary. As a matte...
 I like movies about quirky people. "One Flew O...
 'Ned Kelly' is a wonderfully made Australian f...
 Director Paul Verhoeven's American vehicles ar...
 This is an extremely silly and little seen fil...
 Christopher Nolan's first film is a 'no budget...
 Son In Law didn't do so hot in the box office,...
 Written by brilliant Monkees' TV writers Geral...
 Finally a true horror movie. This is the first...
 This is such a fun and funny movie. Highly ent...
 yeah right. Sammo Hung already acted in the ma...
 Hearing about how hilarious this movie is, I f...
 While I understood, that this show is too weir...
 Not sure if it was right or wrong, but I read ...
 I have seen quite a few action thrillers in my...
 For those of you who think anime is just about...
 For readers who have already seen one of Miyaz...
 Wilson (Erica Gavin) is nabbed by the cops and...
 This movie is a mix of a dark comedy and a dra...
 Beyond Rangoon is one of the most emotional an...
 Andaz Apna Apna is a movie that I treasure and...
 Now, I know French inmates are unlikely to hav...
 There are very few performers today who can ke...
 I rented this film on Netflix after it won all...
 François Traffaut's "Mississippi Siren" had an...
 POSSIBLE SPOILERS --<br /><br />I love Dennis ...
 There was nothing about this movie that I like...
 This is a very mediocre Jackie Chan film and o...
 I purchased the BLOOD CASTLE DVD on eBay for a...
 This is a very touching movie. This is a story...
 It's true that "They Died With Their Boots On"...
 I've watched a lot of TV through the years. So...
 The only thing that kept me from vomiting afte...
 Before I begin, let me get something off my ch...
 It's interesting how 90% of the high-vote revi...
 When thinking about Captivity many words come ...
 An annoying experience. Improvised dialogue, h...
 My wife and I thought that with this cast and ...
 Tressa's vocal performance was Outstanding!! T...
 I'd liked the Takashi Miike films I'd seen so ...
 Despite reading the "initial comments" from so...
 This movie is not as horrible as most Sci-Fi C...
 Okay, I'll say it. This movie made me laugh so...
 The movie was a big Car Commercial. :-)<br /><...
 If you're one of those who recognise with plea...
 In 4 words, Captain Corelli's Mandolin was "co...
 In late 1800s San Francisco, poor well-dressed...
 This is one of the finest TV movies you could ...
 I couldn't believe some of the horrible dialog...
 This is a good example of how NOT to make a fi...
 I could watch this movie ALL DAY! I LOVE it. P...
 I really loved the Millenium series, starred b...
 I don't know any idiotic rock'n'roll cliché no...
 I work in a library and expected to like this ...
 I will never forget this film or the events th...
 Stephen King movies are a funny thing with me....
 Maverick director Seijun Suzuki finally was ab...
 This is exactly the type of film that frustrat...
 A lot of people don't think Branagh's Hamlet f...
 This is a pale imitation of 'Officer and a Gen...
 Todd Sheets has created one of the greatest LO...
 I love this movie. <br /><br />Yes, the main c...
 Two years after this movie was made, "The Juro...
 This has to be one of the worst films I have e...
 This was more of a love story than one about a...
 It was a sweet, intro for the most intelegent ...
 "The Dresser" is perhaps the most refined of b...
 I really thought this would be a good movie, b...
 They screwed up this story! In the end Nell is...
 This has got to be the worst show I have ever ...
 If I had never seen the first Road House, then...
 This is by far the worst version of William Sh...
 I had the privilege to see this movie at the I...
 I really don't get all the adulation that this...
 Terry Gilliam's and David Peoples' teamed up t...
 Apparently this was an award winner. Apparentl...
 I enjoyed the Mr. Magoo cartoons I saw while g...
 This movie was one of the funniest movie I've ...
 By the acting in this movie, it is sometimes h...
 This movie features several well known actors ...
 Last night, I saw A PECK ON THE CHEEK (KANNATH...
 of watching this as a child. Although I'll pro...
 What can you say about a grainy, poorly filmed...
 Whether this movie is propaganda or not (I fir...
 This is easily the worst, most offensive piece...
 I enjoyed this movie quite a lot. I have alway...
 This true story of Carlson's Raiders is more o...
 I had this DVD to watch, thinking that I would...
 Curiously, it is Rene Russo's eyes and mouth--...
 This puddle of derivative drivel stole from ev...
 I knew about but had never seen Grey Gardens, ...
 Any movie should have an idea; Simple or more ...
 One has to be careful whom one tells about wat...
 It must have been several years after it was r...
 This is the worst movie I've ever seen, and it...
 Rachel Griffiths writes and directs this award...
 This is a cult film for many reasons. First be...
 An offensively over-the-top action adventure,F...
 This one was marred by potentially great match...
 I first saw the opening of Otto Preminger's "P...
 I am very sorry to say this but "Thunderbirds"...
 Excellent introspective / interpersonal piece ...
 the first Scanners may not have been a great m...
 OH WOW. I saw this film at the Irish Internati...
 STORY Chinese Tall Story tells the story of ri...
 I still can't believe how bad this movie was. ...
 Yet another foreign war movie that puts hollyw...
 David Zucker has directed one of the most enjo...
 For many years I thought I was the only person...
 Wealthy businessman's daughter, who as a young...
 It's so rare to find a literary work adequatel...
 Woody Allen's second movie set in London. Tha ...
 <br /><br />The play has been heavily edited a...
 Rarely seen a movie that deviates so much from...
 I viewed this movie at the Magnolia Theater in...
 I love Westerns. I could watch them all day. "...
 I recently purchased this on DVD as I hadn't h...
 It should come as no shock to you when I say t...
 This movie is an extremely funny and heartwarm...
 Having never seen the original Dirty Harry, I ...
 I am commenting on this miniseries from the pe...
 Fear of a black hat is a hilarious spoof of Hi...
 Emma is my favourite Jane Austen novel - Emma ...
 I wouldn't give this movie a rating, it's not ...
 This movie captures the absurd essence of an o...
 I suggest that in the future, any movie made b...
 This film SUCKS!! It looks like they just chos...
 First off I'd like to point out that Sam Niel ...
 I pride myself in being able to sit through ev...
 Gene Kelly came up with some really grand idea...
 Ice Age is not only Animation of the Year (in ...
 I wouldn't have given this film such a low rat...
 I watched this movie last night and hoped for ...
 Alain Resnais films are uncanny in the way tha...
 I just got the UK 4-disc special edition of Su...
 Let me depart from many comments I've read her...
 People don't seem to agree with me that movies...
 Released just before the Production Code crack...
 Perhaps if only to laugh at the way my favorit...
 When I first saw this film in the 1980's, I wa...
 It's not just that the movie is lame. It's mor...
 This movie is so bad that I cannot even begin ...
 Not your everyday Tom and Jerry short for many...
 This third Pokemon movie is too abstract for y...
 This movie is fun to watch. If you liked "Dave...
 **May Contain Spoilers**<br /><br />The main c...
 Though this movie has a first rate roster of f...
 I really enjoyed this debut by Ring director, ...
 This excellent musical movie, in beautiful Tec...
 The direction by Wong is perhaps the all time ...
 Being a history buff, I rented this movie beca...
 This film offers one of the greatest experienc...
 this cartoon is not right,lol I totally disagr...
 This could be a 10 if it wasn't for the quite ...
 This is the absolutely worst show in the histo...
 I couldn't help but laugh when I saw what the ...
 WARNING: This review contains SPOILERS. Do not...
 Filmed in a documentary style, but you can pre...
 I have to agree with most everyone's opinion t...
 My wife and I found this film to be highly uns...
 It should be noted that this movie was not "im...
 In the movie several references are made in su...
 "Love Life" explores a very culturally relevan...
 Eaten Alive follows a young woman (Janet Agren...
 Tim Burton is in essence an expressionist film...
 This movie is cold, bare truth. Often we think...
 I saw the last five or ten minutes of this fil...
 This thriller has so many twists and turns it ...
 This piece of crap, since I can't call it a mo...
 Extremely good cinematic story of gay, embitte...
 This movie has two new features in relation to...
 One only has to read the cast list and credits...
 Hannibal must be the most God-awful movie I ha...
 All i hear about is how poorly the animation i...
 It starts quite good, but after a while you st...
 What the hell is this? "Kooky drama"? "Lawyers...
 Well, not yet, at least.<br /><br />It's not l...
 Found this one in the video store and rented i...
 I was expecting to this to be hilarious and it...
 Bizarre Tobe Hooper exercise regarding an unfo...
 A bright youngster interested in "serious" mus...
 Meltdown opens on a scene of scientists prepar...
 This super creepy Southern Gothic melodrama st...
 hey i think this movie was great and it had gr...
 Almost no information is available about this ...
 HOW MANY MOVIES ARE THERE GOING TO BE IN WHICH...
 Intrigued by the synopsis (every gay video the...
 I happened to catch about the last 45 minutes ...
 This film is a twisted nonsense of a movie, se...
 I really like Richard Gere...I always have and...
 As hard as it is for me to believe, with all o...
 If you really loved GWTW, you will find quite ...
 I really loved this film, yes, I know it was f...
 i don't really know where to start here.just i...
 It's hard to say what was the worst thing abou...
 I collect Horror films from all over and I hav...
 Less self-conscious and much less pretentious ...
 Although it might seem a bit bizarre to see a ...
 Brilliant! My wife and I joined the sprawling ...
 Reading a wide variety of "Scoop" reviews over...
 This film concerns the story of Eddy as mentio...
 I rented this movie because I was browsing thr...
 this attempt at a "thriller" would have no sub...
 All right I recently got a chance to rent this...
 In Brooklyn, the nightclub dancer Rusty Parker...
 John Wayne is one of the few players in film h...
 This film was so bad i had to fast forward mos...
 As usual, Sean Connery does a great job. Lawre...
 I could not believe how terrible and boring th...
 SPLIT SECOND might have been a good movie. A s...
 A low point in human interaction was reached b...
 There's never a dull moment in this movie. Won...
 A blaxploitation classic, this movie was terri...
 Okay, I love this movie!!!!! I watched it over...
 Very poor quality and the acting is equally as...
 When I sat down to watch Greek for the first t...
 As you can read the only good comment about th...
 This movie was astonishing. It is beyond atroc...
 This pointless film was a complete disappointm...
 This movie is really genuine and random. It's ...
 Three Russian aristocrats soak up the decadenc...
 The most die-hard worshippers of John Wayne wi...
 I found this movie to be okay.<br /><br />On p...
 Midnight Cowboy made a big fuss when it was re...
 This movie is almost unknown, but it is very g...
 Follow-up to 1973's "Walking Tall" continues t...
 'Nobody knows anybody' is a conspiracy theory ...
 E! TV is a great channel and Talk Soup is so f...
 Painfully bad Christmas film that has an equal...
 The hurried approach that Lewis Seiler takes w...
 We get to see who the good guys are. The union...
 This is quite possibly THE worst movie I have ...
 I am Black American and I loved this soap oper...
 After seeing the trailer for this movie and fi...
 Like most, I rented this after I heard the uni...
 I just recently discovered this fantastic seri...
 Over the last 20 years the majority of British...
 This is possibly the worst thing I've ever see...
 "200l: A Space Odyssey" is a supremely intrigu...
 I saw this movie in my childhood. And after 10...
 Two little girls strike a friendship. One trie...
 Remake of the classic 1951 "The Thing From Ano...
 I came here for a review last night before dec...
 I think Dark Angel is great! First season was ...
 Okay, I'll admit it--I am a goof-ball and I oc...
 I first saw this absolutely riveting documenta...
 Well I would say that this is a very enjoyable...
 One of the most peculiar oft-used romance movi...
 Dreary. Schlocky. Just plain dreadful and awfu...
 Porn legend Gregory Dark directs this cheesy h...
 Bette Midler is indescribable in this concert....
 No, I'm not joking around. If you ever, EVER, ...
 I have been a fan of Amanda's since All That, ...
 I don't know about you, but what I love about ...
 Sure, I like short cartoons, but I didn't like...
 This is among one of many USA attempts of rema...
 Police officer Dirk Hendricks (Jamie Bartlett)...
 This movie was just heckled by MST3K and with ...
 The problem with so many people watching this ...
 Highly recommended!!<br /><br />A well written...
 OK ...I watch a lot of bad movies. I pride mys...
 A tender movie that represents how our daily l...
 9, the film I've been looking forward to for m...
 I haven't really seen too many of the Columbo ...
 I have read both the book and saw the movie to...
 Saw this movie twice at community screenings a...
 OK everybody is so enthused by this film I har...
 With a special telescope, Dr. Janos Rukh (Bori...
 I don't know about you but i go to horror film...
 I've been working my way through a collection ...
 San Franpyscho: 1 out of 10: So you want to ma...
 Psychotic transsexual Bobbi murders the patien...
 This is a poor, poor movie. Full of clichés, u...
 Bette Davis' electrifying performance is such ...
 This movie i totally not funny, and I would im...
 I really did not want to write a harsh review ...
 There seems to be a surprisingly high number o...
 This could quite possibly be the worst movie e...
 I have seen films come and go in my years,and ...
 To make it short and not to spoil everything t...
 How did they get that cinematic shot of the ca...
 This movie is really funny!! The General is Ke...
 The 1st season was amazing, the whole idea of ...
 How do I describe the horrors?!!! First, some ...
 I first saw it at 5am January 1, 2009, and aft...
 This film is probably Hal Hartley's best one. ...
 This is probably the greatest war film and cer...
 This little short absolutely fascinates me.<br...
 You'll probably never see it, but the uncut ve...
 The best thing I can say about the American ve...
 For years I remember reading about this show "...
 Story involves ancient demon being released up...
 Zodiac Killer (2005) was an interesting film f...
 This is a Very Very VERY bad movie !<br /><br ...
 You get 5 writers together, have each write a ...
 This movie was disgusting. Their should be a w...
 I got a free pass to a preview of this movie l...
 The plot line of No One Sleeps is not a bad id...
 The Plainsman is an entertaining western, no d...
 Saw this at Newport Beach Film Festival the ot...
 'The Merchant of Venice' is one of Shakespeare...
 When I spotted that Noah Wyle and Ricky Schrod...
 To be honest, i'm surprised by the positive vo...
 Newly released on DVD in the US; just stay far...
 This series is one of the worst shows I have e...
 The main problem with the documentary "Czech D...
 This movie is a sleeper - I've watched every m...
 One of the more satisfying Western all'italian...
 Although I was in this movie playing the part ...
 This film is a benchmark in non-mainstream cin...
 I saw this film at the 2005 Edinburgh Internat...
 I don't see how you can say that Freddy's Nigh...
 In a film as successful as this, it is difficu...
 Cult starts 20 years ago on the 'Quinling Moun...
 Cooley High is such a great film that even wit...
 Although this seems to be quite an old show (2...
 My husband brought this home from the video st...
 This sequel is brilliant and is the last film ...
 Bay Area residents probably remember Paul from...
 Killer Tomatoes movies have this special kind ...
 I can't actually think of one good point in th...
 Not for the squeamish, but the number of twist...
 This story is about a safari in Africa that me...
 This film does not fail to engage and move, ev...
 this movie is just great. if you have a chance...
 Ever since seeing this film as a child, over 3...
 Sadly a great opportunity to utilise a superb ...
 The Beatles had just done 'Magical Mystery Tou...
 An ultra-nervous old man, "Mr. Goodrich," terr...
 This film, in my opinion, is, despite it's fla...
 Snakes on a Plane was such a well hyped film t...
 This is such a great film! Never mind the low ...
 I hate to admit it, but they were right to sac...
 *****Spoiler or two, not that is matters******...
 The spoof genre, which has lacked creativity a...
 I saw this movie when it was first released in...
 I'm not much for "cop" movies, but this one is...
 Al Pacino was once an actor capable of making ...
 Well, I finally saw it. I didn't go when it fi...
 Here we have a movie which fails in pretty muc...
 This movie is ageless and would probably appea...
 Paul Lukas played a Russian intellectual makin...
 Hmmmm. I'm kinda at a loss here. I mean, I kno...
 The worst movie in the history of cinema. I do...
 Can such an ambient production have failed its...
 Uh, oh! I just said the this "classic" film ha...
 Genteel, softly spoken drama from Steven Spiel...
 Arthur Bach is decidedly unhappy in his life a...
 Wretched. Talk about botched. BEYOND THE POSEI...
 Since growing up in Czechoslovakia I was follo...
 Koyaanisquatsi is simply the best film I've ev...
 While "The Kiss of the Spider Woman" cast Raul...
 A prison cell.Four prisoners-Carrere,a young c...
 Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce return as Sherl...
 It has been widely agreed that Hayao Miyazaki ...
 Pinjar is truly a masterpiece... . It's a thou...
 I love this movie because I grew up around har...
 This film started out very promising with the ...
 No matter what country your In you have to buy...
 This is only a response to the yahoo who says ...
 Words can't describe how bad this movie is. I ...
 I recently rented this film on DVD and thought...
 Vincenzo Buonavolunta, a man that has spent ye...
 I wasn't planning on watching wasted when I sa...
 During the Civil War, there were many cases of...
 Goodnight, Mister Tom begins in an impossibly ...
 In the fifties the age restrictions for films ...
 There are no reasons to watch this movie. Shou...
 At first I thought this film was going to anno...
 Let me state this right from the start. I do N...
 The premise is rather original and well though...
 when i watched this crap, it reminded me of th...
 In the original French version, the jokes of N...
 I saw this again today for the first time in a...
 THIS REVIEW IS MOSTLY ALL SPOILERS. IF YOU PLA...
 Movie based on Jacqueline Susann's best-sellin...
 This movie received a great write up in Blockb...
 Man, I never laugh so much this year, and it's...
 I stumbled upon Nine Dead recently and read th...
 Terrible story, poor acting and no humour at a...
 This love story between an American journalist...
 This is a well-worn story about a man who marr...
 This movie was rented for free, I had no misco...
 *SPOILERS*<br /><br />This is only the second ...
 Faith Domergue (better known as "Dr. Ruth" in ...
 Ah, such an original title for a very shoddy f...
 If you've not seen this then look out for it. ...
 Imagine the plight of Richard, a painter, whos...
 Movies like these do not need sequels. Part of...
 Uhhh ... so, did they even have writers for th...
 Well, I had to sit down at the computer and wr...
 By far one of the best sci-fi films out there....
 How can stuff like this still be made? Didn't ...
 this is the best sci-fi that I have seen in my...
 This movie was definitely scripted with FF VII...
 This game is one of the best RPG. Fist, It is ...
 I've seen a few of Mr. Boorman's movies and di...
 If I didn't know any better, it almost seems l...
 Okay, first I should say that I assume this wa...
 This movie starts out as if it were a comedy. ...
 Pay no attention to the comments behind the cu...
 A true comedy.The dialog is fast and very witt...
 I watched this last night after not having see...
 Pegg has had a few hits in the past few years,...
 I was sooooo excited to see this movie after f...
 One-note comedy that probably sets modern day ...
 Once upon a time there was a great American fi...
 Many people like this movie and many more love...
 This superb film draws on a variety of talente...
 Don't let any reviews (critics, IMDb users or ...
 Made the same year as the first Lumiere films,...
 To overcome the death of his wife, an old man ...
 This movie is terrible but it has some good ef...
 I'll admit that this isn't a great film. It pr...
 an excellent, thoughtfully produced historical...
 Firstly, I won't tell you WHY I rented this mo...
 This movie was absolute torture. First of all,...
 This is an excellent movie and I would recomme...
 Diane Keaton is a pathetic actress. She is so ...
 Harsh, yes, but I call 'em like I see 'em.<br ...
 Pam Grier is the super soul sister of the 1970...
 It's just stories, some we wish happen to us, ...
 This movie has no plot and no focus. Yes, it's...
 2 stars out of a possible 10 - and that is bei...
 I am a big fan of Larkin's works, I believe th...
 I saw "The Grudge" yesterday, and wow... I was...
 Being a long-time fan of Japanese film, I expe...
 It is hard for a lover of the novel Northanger...
 Humm, an Italian movie starred by David hassel...
 I just viewed Detention last night and i liked...
 Like some of the other folks who have reviewed...
 I love all types of films, especially horror. ...
 This piece of crap might have been acclaimed 6...
 Spheeris debut must be one of the best music d...
 The story is being told fluidly. There are no ...
 This is one of those horror flicks where twent...
 My god this movie is awfully boring. I am a bi...
 girlfight is using a well-known formula as som...
 Honestly,the concept behind "Masters of Horror...
 Dr. Stephens (Michael Harvey), head of a serio...
 I found the storyline in this movie to be very...
 I think the movie was pretty good, will add it...
 Topless touch football!! A wet t-shirt contest...
 This movie was billed as a comedy and a myster...
 what ends up killing this movie is its self-co...
 True, the idea for this TV series may have spr...
 Bottom-of-the-Freddy barrel. This is the worst...
 From it's uninspiring title to the flat acting...
 This movie is a coveted member of my movie lib...
 There is no reason to see this movie. A good p...
 Yahoo Serious is like a $3 bottle of wine - ha...
 Eric Clapton, Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker re-u...
 I saw this at a drive-in when I was 9. All I r...
 I love this movie, but can't get what is in th...
 I think this is Pauly Shore's best stuff, he p...
 I thought sleeper cell was interesting, and ex...
 Another popular screening for a British pictur...
 I love everything about family guy.<br /><br /...
 Joe (Wes) & Jim (Adam) re-acquaint us with the...
 This is a very good, made for TV film. It depi...
 Ernest P. Worrell comes through with his third...
 This movie is #1 in the list of worst movies I...
 There is so much that can be said about this f...
 Chilling, majestic piece of cinematic fright, ...
 Another masterpiece that needs a DVD release b...
 "The Cave" got released more or less simultane...
 A quite good film version of the novel, though...
 I wish I could use the time travel machine to ...
 I've seen this film three times and each time ...
 From the filmmakers who brought us The March o...
 During production, this LWT series was titled ...
 It's particularly hard for a director to captu...
 The acting, other reviews notwithstanding, was...
 I never much liked the Myra movie, tho I appre...
 I'm not a follower of a certain movie genre. I...
 It's funny how your life can change in a secon...
 What in the world! This piece of gambling cine...
 This is a really heart-warming family movie. I...
 This movie is about a cop (Ching Wan Lau) tryi...
 This movie was amazing. I was in tears by the ...
 The British Public School system did not evolv...
 What makes this movie so damn bad? Is it the l...
 I read a few reviews of this TV movie which al...
 An actor asks, "What's my motivation?," to und...
 Teen Deviyaan is a great film. A very breezy e...
 The movie was a suspenseful, and somewhat dark...
 I found this flick enjoyable and involving to ...
 Jack London's life was certainly colorful enou...
 "Pet Sematary" is an adaptation from the Steph...
 What's in here ?! Let me tell you. It's the pr...
 It took 9 years to complete this film. I would...
 In case half of this film's footage looks stra...
 My main problem with the film is that it goes ...
 I saw this documentary film at the 2005 Slamda...
 Not wishing to give *anything* away here, I wo...
 With a title like that, it's above and beyond ...
 ...and in this series, I've been reduced to an...
 As with all environmentally aware films from t...
 This has to be my favourite film. The script i...
 A good entertainment but nothing more : in thi...
 And Gi Joe go stuck in the water, I die of lau...
 Five minutes in, i started to feel how naff th...
 Whoever gave this movie rave reviews needs to ...
 This movie is why I found this website. I coul...
 I thought I was going to see a UFO movie. Inst...
 This has got to be the best movie I've seen. Y...
 Sorry Fulci fans, but I could not get through ...
 I made a promise that if ever I posted a comme...
 Even though this was a made-for-TV production,...
 David Duchovny plays the lead role in this fil...
 Wow, I think the overall average rating of thi...
 It's easy to make really general comments abou...
 Sadness and nostalgia permeate Late Chrysanthe...
 I'm tired of people judging films on their "hi...
 La Ragazza del Vagone Letto, or Terror Express...
 This is real character and story driven drama ...
 Pretty standard B-movie stuff. Seriously, anyo...
 I enjoyed this movie and I had very low expect...
 Project A II is a classic Jackie Chan movie wi...
 "The Straight Story" is a truly beautiful movi...
 This movie was one of a handful that actually ...
 I have found this show by accident and was sur...
 I thought Hugh O'Conor was astounding as the y...
 Taped this late night movie when I was in grad...
 This movie is a must-see movie for all. Congre...
 I saw the movie with two grown children. Altho...
 This one is a real bomb. We are supposed to be...
 Excellent special effects make this disaster m...
 This is seriously one of the best low budget, ...
 I went in expecting the movie to be completely...
 Superb and charming. Justin Henry is beautiful...
 In short, the movie had a little bit of a weak...
 The story goes something like this: A small-to...
 ok. for starters, taxi driver is amazing. this...
 It's sort of hard for me to say it, because I ...
 I still liked it though. Warren Beatty is only...
 We could still use Black Adder even today. Ima...
 This so-called "documentary" tries to tell tha...
 I am a huge fan of Northern Exposure. Men In T...
 I just watched this movie on Starz. Let me go ...
 The story for Hare Rama Hare Krishna actually ...
 Oddly enough, it's Fred MacMurray who plays th...
 Fans of horror comedy will like this one. Othe...
 Bergman's regular Max von Sydow and Liv Ullman...
 In this movie the year 2022 looks much like th...
 I watched this movie a couple months ago when ...
 Apparently this movie was based on a true stor...
 NOTE TO ALL DIRECTORS: Long is not necessarily...
 In "Black Snake Moan," writer-director Craig B...
 These were over 80 minutes of semi unexpected ...
 I've seen this movie more than once and it's w...
 Well, it took them 4 tries, but they finally g...
 Bride of Chucky starts late one night as Offic...
 The plot of this film is not strong at all, lo...
 It is disappointing to see as talented an acto...
 This is one of the best movies out there and t...
 In my humble opinion, this movie did not recei...
 This delighted audiences at a number of film f...
 Not that "a film by Ulli Lommel" filled me wit...
 I sometimes enjoy really lousy movies....those...
 I saw the Korean version of Daisy first. It ca...
 if you are like me then you will love this gre...
 I can barely even remember what DECADE I saw t...
 Finally! Third time lucky. This film has been ...
 As an adult, I am grateful to have caught this...
 Chip Foose is an absolute genius and the end r...
 This was on Showtime the other night, and I fi...
 This film had some funny moments. Louie, the m...
 I never saw it on TV but rented the DVD throug...
 I saw the The Bourne Ultimatum last summer wit...
 Last night, I got bored and decided to watch a...
 This has to be one of the best, if not the bes...
 Poorly acted and poorly directed, "Congo" unsu...
 Best club scenes that i have seen in a long ti...
 The only reason I rated this film as 2 is beca...
 The Italian Job requires daylight hours and no...
 Just what is the point of this film? It starts...
 Movie had some good acting and good moments (t...
 This is a truly wretched little film. Admitted...
 This splicing of THE SEARCHERS is one of the w...
 Elfriede Jelinek, not quite a household name y...
 I had the privilege of seeing this film at a p...
 I went to see the Omega Code with a group of o...
 There's a lot the matter with Helen and none o...
 My God, the things that passed for entertainme...
 This movie was horrendous it was sorta like ac...
 I can't say what knowing the source for this m...
 I am very surprised to see such a high rating ...
 This is a very cheaply made werewolf flick. Th...
 First of all; it's very dilettantish to try de...
 I thought that for a first episode of a first ...
 It is an almost ideal romantic anime! MUST SEE...
 This has got to be one of the worst films I ha...
 Imagine that I was about to miss this great cu...
 Spiderman was one of the first comic books to ...
 I respect Alex Cox the filmmaker, I really do....
 In my mind the best of the Ealing comedies and...
 this 2.5 hour diluted snore-fest appears to be...
 And I'll tell you why: whoever decided to edit...
 Some of the films produced by Roger Corman's N...
 Every so often a movie comes along that knocks...
 What to say about "Dead End Road"...<br /><br ...
 When "Deranged" was made the film-makers saw f...
 Much like the early horror film The Boogens, t...
 As a former Highland Rugby(HR) player, I feel ...
 A surprisingly interesting meditation on the n...
 This is my favorite game for the Nintendo 64 p...
 Kurt Russell is so believable and the action s...
 My Take: A goofy, yet imaginative mess. <br />...
 This is at least very close to a perfect video...
 Man on Fire was hot. I love a classic tale of ...
 Thankfully brief mystery about a telephone ope...
 Don't pick this one. ****Spoiler Alert***** Th...
 This movie was excellent. I was not expecting ...
 No, it's just a cheap 1940s serial using the C...
 This movie is on the level with "Welcome Home ...
 This show is awesome! I have been a fan since ...
 I am very diplomatic in my reviews, and as an ...
 Disappearance is about a couple who take their...
 I could not believe how awful this film was; I...
 "A Tale of Two Sisters" is a brilliant South K...
 Ben Stryker an ex-green beret stops off at a l...
 A well-intentioned movie about Sonja Horowitz ...
 OK, no one will confuse this with Citizen Kane...
 I watched the movie in a preview and I really ...
 Young, handsome, muscular Joe Buck (Jon Voight...
 This film offers absolutely no imagination in ...
 First things first, how can someone with his c...
 This movie is truly brilliant. It ducks throug...
 If you need that instant buzz that only late 6...
 This film has not been seen by me in quite a f...
 I was never quite sure where this thing was go...
 LA ANTENA (Esteban Sapir - Argentina 2005).<br...
 Having seen 'only' about 200 Hong Kong films i...
 Like the other guy said It sux , you can count...
 Okay, granted, I am a fan of low-budget horror...
 EUROPA (ZENTROPA) is a masterpiece that gives ...
 The character of Tarzan has been subjected to ...
 If you're after the real story of early Baroqu...
 This is the first movie I've seen from Singapo...
 As far as horror flicks go, this one is pretty...
 Whilst I have loved haunted house movies such ...
 The title refers not to a questionable poker h...
 I watched this movie with no idea what it was ...
 Forget every spy movie you've ever seen - this...
 Come on! Get over with the Pakistan bashing gu...
 Scenarist Frederick Fox's sometimes memorable ...
 Girlfight is like your grandmother's cooking: ...
 I read the book in 5th grade and now a few yea...
 When I saw this movie I was stunned by what a ...
 To "Bend It Like Beckham" may not mean much to...
 I'm not at all picky about horror movies, and ...
 This movie is extremely funny and it also cont...
 I watched this movie the other night, and I ha...
 Christopher Smith is an obvious horror fan and...
 This is one of the most overlooked gems Hollyw...
 Opera was filmed in synchronization with a var...
 I wonder what audiences of the day thought whe...
 Patty Chayevsky was years ahead of most succes...
 Its very tough to portray a Tagore novel along...
 The back of the DVD box says Ellen Page co-sta...
 Seriously, I can't imagine how anyone could fi...
 I think part of the reason this movie was made...
 That movie was awesome! I can't get over it's ...
 I love movies, all genres, and from big dollar...
 You know, this is one of those "Emperor's New ...
 One of my favourite "domestic" movies. I don't...
 I am a fan of slasher movies, especially of Sc...
 When I first saw this film, I thought it shoul...
 Back in the 70's, a small-time Texas filmmaker...
 Pretty amusing spoof with great attention to d...
 There are people claiming this is another "bad...
 You can generally ask two questions concerning...
 Mishima - a life in four chapters is in my opi...
 'Ninteen Eighty-Four' is a film about a futuri...
 In 1967, mine workers find the remnants of an ...
 The original Trancers is not by any means a gr...
 As a true Canadian, I always avoid Canadian mo...
 For long time I haven't seen such a good fanta...
 This is short and to the point. The story writ...
 WOW, finally Jim Carrey has returned from the ...
 Let me get this out of the way before I trash ...
 This movie gets both a 6/10 rating from me, as...
 The tragedy of the doomed ship Titanic has ins...
 There is not much to add to what others have a...
 Here we go with other slasher movie, Good look...
 "Masters of Horror" has proved itself a poor a...
 Well, how to start? I saw The Italian Job for ...
 Slick, tidy, and well-made old school version ...
 When Ritchie first burst on to movie scene his...
 First off let me say that this movie is nothin...
 Standard rise to fame tale that has a few high...
 I can't believe that I let myself into this mo...
 While essentially a remake of the original Chi...
 IN LOVING MEMORY OF DAVID TOMLINSON (1917-2000...
 This movie gives golf a high mark, it was well...
 Yes, he is! ...No, not because of Pintilie lik...
 As spectacle, it's hard to fault Nihon chinbot...
 this movie is about people living at a trailer...
 After seeing the 1996 remake, I thought it was...
 Some things need to be clarified. The picture ...
 Emanuele Crialese did a fantastic job with one...
 Pretty darn good for a French film. I have not...
 Origins of the Care Bears & their Cousins. If ...
 The real star of the last of the Airport films...
 This adaptation for TV was a wonderful vehicle...
 After completing the lackluster novel, Heart o...
 I am quite a fan of novelist/screenwriter Mich...
 White Fire has so much going for it. With Larr...
 I don't know about the real Cobb but I got the...
 So, this movie has been hailed, glorified, and...
 An excellent movie about two cops loving the s...
 Intense actors like Bruce Dern, Jason Patrick ...
 I enjoyed the film very much, especially the p...
 Fado is a sad almost bluesy style of Portugues...
 This is my first movie review on IMDb. I was f...
 Eight Legged Freaks is a modern monster movie,...
 I really like Star Trek Hidden Frontier it is ...
 This demented left-wing wipe-out trivializes D...
 This movie is obviously low-budget & filmed in...
 This film is a great rampage of action and com...
 I feel extremely sad for some of the people wh...
 Ed Harris and Cuba Gooding Jr. where cast perf...
 By today's standards The DI might seem a littl...
 Wow, where do I begin? After suffering through...
 This joins the endless line of corny, predicta...
 I've never understood this type of spoof movie...
 When John Carpenter's masterly version of "The...
 After watching a dozen episodes, I decided to ...
 Evocatively directed and slickly photographed ...
 I watched The Babysitter as part of BCI Eclips...
 The first two movies of this series excelled f...
 One of two movies I have actually thought abou...
 This BBC series is astonishingly good fun. I'd...
 Great cult flick for MST-3K types: Richard Boo...
 This is Jackie Chan's best film, and my person...
 If you enjoy films like American Pie, Road Tri...
 You gotta love the cheesy low budget movies. T...
 This movie is great entertainment to watch wit...
 A lot of the negative reviews here concentrate...
 It's so depressing when film makers try to be ...
 Sure, this film was retarded. But you expected...
 Anyone new to the incredibly prolific Takashi ...
 Okay, okay, maybe not THE greatest. I mean, Th...
 SPOILERS THROUGHOUT!!!!<br /><br />I had read ...
 THE PLOT: A trucker (Kristofferson) battles a ...
 I had the misfortune of seeing this crapulous ...
 Real-life husband and wife Paul Bettany and Je...
 CHEERLEADER MASSACRE (2003)<br /><br />starrin...
 Um... okay, this is very poor indeed if compar...
 All right guys, here's the deal with this movi...
 "Julia Kerbridge (Catherine Mary Stewart) is w...
 This short was nominated for an Academy Award,...
 This is a docudrama story on the Lindy Chamber...
 Almost a masterclass in how not to direct a mo...
 Admittedly, I watched this piece with already ...
 Okay, so I'm a sucker for a good documentary, ...
 (Honestly, Barbra, I know it's you who's klick...
 Being an admitted chess addict, I was excited ...
 From the golden period of British films, this ...
 I wanted to watch this movie, but one bizarre ...
 Average viewers looking for any sense of inter...
 Sandra Bernhard's Without You I'm Nothing, the...
 Comes this heartwarming tale of hope. Hope tha...
 I don't play video games at all but my childre...
 Always enjoyed "DOA",1950,which starred Edmond...
 Well then, thank you SO MUCH Disney for DESTRO...
 I love this show. I watched every episode last...
 It is enjoyable and fast-paced. <br /><br />Th...
 Despite its age, this film retains its undoubt...
 Watching this movie and then listening to the ...
 Please...if anybody gets the chance to read th...
 GoldenEye is a masterpiece. The storyline is a...
 I read somewhere (in a fairly panning review) ...
 Comedy is a hard beast to conquer. Ishimoto fa...
 'Ernest Saves Christmas' is comedian Ernest's ...
 This overrated, short-lived series (a measly t...
 With a cheap pound shop having just opened,i t...
 How can you go wrong with the amazing Ramones?...
 This movie is worth watching if you enjoy marv...
 Did the other reviewers watch the same movie I...
 When the movie was released it was the biggest...
 I'm really amazed that this got an 88% on Rott...
 This movie seems a little clunky around the ed...
 I have read the novel Reaper of Ben Mezrich a ...
 Daniel Day Lewis is one of the best actors of ...
 One would think that anyone embarking upon a f...
 Ironically, although he can do the "splits", T...
 A well written screenplay. A moving story show...
 I'm not a big fan of most anime, but Gundam Wi...
 This is one peace of art! If you like comedy y...
 This film was such a mess I actually reimburse...
 This film has, over the past ten years, become...
 Yes, that's true. That movie is a horrible pie...
 Excellent and moving story of the end of a uni...
 I went and saw Rivers and Tides again today. I...
 I caught this movie about 8 years ago, and hav...
 I have to say this, this is the first movie I'...
 i read the book before i saw the movie i knew ...
 In 2023, in a world ruled by the economical in...
 When plague breaks out in New Orleans, it's Ri...
 And again, Columbia Pictures decides to merely...
 I can barely find the words to express how utt...
 Los Debutantes is the story of two orphaned br...
 Mark Pirro's "Deathrow Gameshow" of 1987 is a ...
 This is one of those movies that, after watchi...
 As a huge fan of the original, I avoided this ...
 I don't know if the problem I had with this mo...
 It's one of my favorite movies as much because...
 its a gem movie if anyone who hasn't seen movi...
 Some would argue that Argentinean director Est...
 I first saw this movie when I was a little kid...
 You'd better choose Paul Verhoeven's even if y...
 I think that this is a disappointing sequel. I...
 Written by, directed by and starring the champ...
 Start of with the good bit: several times Sway...
 lets start off by saying that "JAWANI DIWANI" ...
 Basic meaning of the story is a reality. Cruel...
 I have to agree with most of the other posts. ...
 The Woman In Black was a British made for TV m...
 I must say, I thought I had seen it all. I am ...
 Accepted...let's see. The only reason why i ha...
 One of America's most brilliant film directors...
 algernon4's comment that Ms Paget's "ultra lew...
 When people harp on about how "they don't make...
 This movie has all the qualities to be good, S...
 Sometime in 1998, Saban had acquired the right...
 I just returned from viewing this academy awar...
 Terribly disappointed with CITY OF MEN after b...
 Rated TV-14 for Sexual Content and Language.<b...
 I've expected a comedy about the NVA, but this...
 The bittersweet twist to this movie contains a...
 When I saw Gone with the wind I thought that t...
 "The Seven-Ups" seems like a replay of "The Fr...
 Everyone involved with this project should be ...
 The video opens with a scene from a horror mov...
 Hey, you are not alone! I remember Nichols! I ...
 I would like to know if "The Outsiders" (Austr...
 Walter Pidgeon is Braley Mason, a civil attorn...
 I believe that The Sopranos is an awesome show...
 I LOVED this movie. You can't buy it, rent it,...
 Despite this being one of John Cusack and Demi...
 It's awesome! In Story Mode, your going from p...
 This movie for what it is, may be one of the m...
 If you want to see a great little horror comed...
 I was adopted at birth and certainly did NOT h...
 Although this film was made before Dogme emerg...
 If you love Vampire lore and are a fan of Goth...
 Wrapped in gorgeous English country background...
 Loosely based on actual events, "River's Edge"...
 I can find no redeeming value to this movie. I...
 I really enjoyed this drama from Sidney Lumet....
 This stylistically sophisticated visual game p...
 Rabbit Seasoning is one of three cartoons that...
 Written, produced and directed by Charlie Chap...
 I was a little skepticle if I should watch thi...
 This was one of the most ridiculous and badly ...
 The title, although singular, will undoubtedly...
 Exquisite comedy starring Marian Davies (with ...
 Like The Jeffersons, Good Times was one of the...
 This film was very different form the previous...
 Some moron who read or saw some reference to a...
 Terrible. Absolutely terrible. Long, confusing...
 Hanna-Barbera sucks the life out of another fa...
 This movie is one of my very favorites. It's h...
 I started to watch this movie with high expect...
 Music that grinds on the nerves like fingernai...
 Hmmm! is it worst film ever? well sort of, for...
 That's about the only redeeming quality in a m...
 "Secret of the Lens" is perhaps a pretty campy...
 "Hoods" doesn't deliver the goods. This half-b...
 This afternoon we took the kids to the movies ...
 In answer to the person who made the comment a...
 This fanciful horror flick has Vincent Price p...
 Actually I'm surprised there were so many comm...
 This is an incomprehensible horribly low budge...
 Please be aware that this film has nothing to ...
 I love B movies..but come on....this wasn't ev...
 This collection really sucks!<br /><br />I ren...
 Steven Seagal is back! Here with his third fil...
 Cage plays a drunk and gets high critically pr...
 What can I say, it's a damn good movie. See it...
 Before watching this movie I thought this movi...
 I have anticipated the various Sci-fi and thri...
 In Chicago, four electricians leaded by Dean (...
 I read the book Celestine Prophecy and was loo...
 Enjoyable and watchable. Tim Meadows at his be...
 I try to be diverse in my movie watching. I ca...
 It starts really interesting - the story devel...
 The Psychopath (1973) A trip down memory lane....
 I rented this movie expecting it to suck, and ...
 There's a good story well hidden and never rea...
 The only entertaining thing that I found about...
 Scream was Wes Craven's last decent thriller. ...
 This is bar none the most hilarious movie I ha...
 Simply not the quality I expected from Morris ...
 *May contain spoilers*<br /><br />I bent over ...
 A year after losing gorgeous Jane Parker (Maur...
 The New Batman Adventures (also called Gotham ...
 I grew up in Winnipeg and saw the treatment of...
 "Party Girl" capitalizes on the tremendous cha...
 I went to see this movie simply to see what al...
 this film has it all; the deft camera work, re...
 For such films like `Anchors Aweigh', few have...
 The trio are a pleasant, nostalgic journey to ...
 Fear and Desire is of interest mainly to Kubri...
 This movie does not rock, as others have said....
 ....but at the same time part of you is thinki...
 I am huge movie enthusiast and also an active ...
 I'm a bit spooked by some of these reviews pra...
 I never dreamed when I started watching this D...
 Of life in (some) colleges. Of course there we...
 Stewart Moss stars as a scientist who is on a ...
 I chose this movie by the cover which was a ba...
 Over several years of looking for half-decent ...
 I didn't really get this movie because I'm not...
 In fact it was awful. The main chick in it who...
 If we consider three films with a similar subj...
 I have this movie on DVD and must have watched...
 Taylor Deemer Mrs. Drake English 10 PIB B4 31 ...
 My wife and I both thought this film a watered...
 A great movie. Lansbury and Tomlinson are perf...
 Legendary director Sidney Lumet gives us one o...
 The movie 'Heart of Darkness', based on the 18...
 Rented this out from my local because it was t...
 Here's a decent mid-70's horror flick about a ...
 What makes Midnight Cowboy into a successful m...
 Without question, film is a powerful medium, m...
 The Hospital is a movie that was made ahead of...
 <br /><br />I was fascinated to read the range...
 Rating: 8 out of 10. Directed by Alfred Hitchc...
 The story of the film was as simple minded as ...
 When I went to see Bon Voyage, I expected a go...
 This film is massively boring and pretentious....
 Normally, I don't watch action movies because ...
 This ranks as one of the worst movies I've see...
 This movie is definitely a case of style over ...
 "Entrails of a Beauty" features a gang of Yaku...
 Miles O'keefe stars as Ator, a loin-clothed he...
 Slow, boring, extremely repetitive. No wonder ...
 This is a standard action flick as we have see...
 You will recognize the plot immediately. Daugh...
 This film was one of three that were later com...
 "Hell To Pay" bills itself as the rebirth of t...
 "The Blob" qualifies as a cult sci-fi film not...
 The film was disappointing. I saw it on Broadw...
 I saw this movie literally directly after fini...
 I just can't understand why people are surpris...
 It's actually a good thing Sean Connery retire...
 I completely agree with the other comment some...
 Man, this would have been a bad episode of the...
 I watched this movie as I liked the plot, a gr...
 One of his lesser known films, many horror fan...
 I just saw Princess Raccoon at the Asian Film ...
 If pulp fiction and Get shorty didn't exist th...
 It's cheesy, it's creepy, it's gross, but that...
 I don't know what it is about Donald Sutherlan...
 I thought the movie was pretty good. I really ...
 This is a good movie, although people unfamili...
 Visitors is a hard, hard movie to enjoy. It's ...
 I love ghost stories and I will sit through a ...
 Although it's definitely an enjoyable way to s...
 Over the years I've seen a bunch of these stra...
 Laughable.<br /><br />Clichéd.<br /><br />Over...
 Couldn't go to sleep the other night. So I got...
 This film was a surprise. The plot synopsis so...
 I was sick one day and was skimming channels a...
 This review contains spoilers. I didn't have a...
 This Western was set in 1861 and had to do wit...
 Meryl Streep was incredible in this film. She ...
 Seldom do I ever encounter a film so completel...
 What a terrible film.<br /><br />It starts wel...
 Kon Ichikawa had lived through world war two, ...
 Shot in the Heart is wonderful. It brilliantly...
 It was awful plain and simple. What was their ...
 A documentary about two rocks bands, spanning ...
 WARNING - POSSIBLE SPOILERS!<br /><br />'Rock ...
 A film about an interesting and sensitive peri...
 Film certainly can be a narrative medium, but ...
 A great storyline with a message. Joan Plowrig...
 I absolutely loved this movie. Great, realisti...
 I do not think I am alone when I say that 2005...
 Jingofighter I agree with some of your comment...
 Well, "built" Doris Day (as Ethel S. "Dynamite...
 The major flaw in this Spanish slasher/shocker...
 WARNING: Reading this entry after watching the...
 The opening of Imamura's masterpiece avoids me...
 This movie is so bad, you almost feel contamin...
 Similar story line, done many times before, an...
 Okay, I've tried and I've tried, but I STILL D...
 Simply terrible! Why wouldn't you use actual a...
 I have to say despite it's reviews Angels in t...
 Having previously seen the abridged print pres...
 The topic of religion in Buñuel films is a poi...
 Three of the things you can say about Spalding...
 I understand the draw and appeal to such a dif...
 The fine cast cannot uplift this routine tale ...
 This movie is just another average action flic...
 I have heard a lot about this film, with peopl...
 There have been several books that have cited ...
 The worst kind of film. Basically, the US Decl...
 ... for Paris is a moveable feast." Ernest Hem...
 This movie about a group of small town teens t...
 I recently watched the first Guinea Pig film, ...
 for people who have absolutely no idea of what...
 "Raising Victor Vargas" is one of those light,...
 One of the best of the Fred Astaire and Giner ...
 PROS: Akshay Kumar's performance(is it just me...
 This French film is supposedly about a creepy,...
 While not exactly offensive, the 1967 version ...
 This has got to be one of Australia's best pro...
 The Perfect Son is a story about two 30-someth...
 I wish I had read the comments on IMDb before ...
 The thirty years that have passed since the ma...
 I am a huge Michael Madsen fan, so needless to...
 I wasn't terribly impressed with Dante's 1st s...
 Oh my god. the idea that this movie is a thril...
 I saw this little Belgian gem two days after s...
 Passing stones definitely one of the best come...
 I have never seen a more unrealistic movie tha...
 The Oscar season has arrived so this means a s...
 the only thing that frequently pops into my he...
 planktonrules comments must've been written on...
 Ahh, yes, the all-star blockbuster. Take a so-...
 Shortly after seeing this film I questioned th...
 Oldboy is set in Korea & starts as a drunken D...
 You know the story..Pretty kids alone in the w...
 This movie is amazing. You will NEVER laugh ha...
 This is the greatest show ever made next to so...
 Jet Li, is one of the best hand to hand combat...
 The acrobatics mixed with haunting music, make...
 This film is just another distortion, among ma...
 Take a young liberal idealist Christopher Boyc...
 My friend had the idea of watching the animate...
 This film is an embarrassment. Nothing works o...
 I have never seen anything as awful as this mo...
 I would not deny that I have quite enjoyed wat...
 The Evil that Men Do (1984) was one of the few...
 I was extremely suspicious of the ideas presen...
 Rural family drama--with perhaps a nod to "Ord...
 *****Spoilers herein*****<br /><br />What real...
 For those of you who have a few kind words for...
 I must say I didn't expect much about this mov...
 This is one of the few episodes (if not the on...
 Starts really well, nice intro and build up fo...
 The information contained in this movie is som...
 Jeux d'enfants or how the film was wrongly tra...
 The plot intellect is about as light as feathe...
 I was dreading taking my nephews to this movie...
 I saw this last night on Turner Classic Movies...
 After reading the first 5 reviews on IMDb I wa...
 I usually don't write reviews for shows unless...
 To me, the final scene, in which Harris respon...
 I didn't know what to expect from this. I alwa...
 It had potential...it really did. But there is...
 After "A Dirty Shame", I never thought that I ...
 Shame represents a high point in the career of...
 I am in a movie club at my school and I was fo...
 Others have harped here about James Stewart's ...
 My son Adam (5 years old) is a big Scooby Doo ...
 From watching only the trailer to Theodore Rex...
 Wow I really liked this movie, William H. Macy...
 Let me be the first non Australian to comment ...
 I don't know what the last reviewer is talking...
 New York I Love You just like its predecessor ...
 This crime thriller is sort of like a film noi...
 King of Queens is comic genius. Kevin James, w...
 This is one of the best comedy ever ! The writ...
 Countenance! Antoine Monot, in a copycat imper...
 This was one of the worst movies I have ever s...
 This movie is the only movie to feature a scen...
 I want to say I liked this film, I really do, ...
 Sometimes Full Moon makes entertaining movies....
 Well, this film came on on a workday at 230am....
 This could have been a good TV-movie, but the ...
 I saw this on sale - NEW - at my local store f...
 I LOVED this movie when I was younger, and I h...
 It just so happens that IVAN THE TERRIBLE, PAR...
 People expect no less than brilliant when Stev...
 At the time of writing this review it would se...
 Like the gentle giants that make up the latter...
 To fight against the death penalty is a just c...
 this was one of the most moving movies i have ...
 We start all of our reviews with the following...
 This film is amazing - it's just like a nightm...
 I went to this film having no idea what to exp...
 For those fans of Laurel and Hardy, the 1940s ...
 The Sentinel represents everything about the s...
 Good lord, whoever made this turkey needs to b...
 Rugged David Innes (solid Doug McClure) and do...
 From the start I knew I would be in for the be...
 Utterly tactical, strange (watch for the kinky...
 This film is one of the best memories I have f...
 Compared to director Kevin Connor's later ARAB...
 THE SECRET OF KELLS is an astonishing first an...
 As I have matured, my fascination with the Aca...
 It's partly bad luck for "Illuminata" that it ...
 I was brought up on Doc Savage,and was petrifi...
 I just finished "Dark Chamber" aka "Under Surv...
 Am I the only one who thought the point of thi...
 Slasher movies started may be 30 to 35 years b...
 First off, I'm a huge Bronson fan, have been s...
 i saw this movie on cable, it was really funny...
 I'm gettin' sick of movies that sound entertai...
 'Be With Me' is almost the ultimate wallpaper ...
 Being a slasher film aficionado, I typically w...
 Paul Thomas Anderson's stylish and compelling ...
 The boys are working outside a recording studi...
 Rosalind Russell executes a power-house perfor...
 I am a current A.S.L. Student & was forced to ...
 The year 2004 was the year of the biopic with ...
 A friend once told me that an art-house indepe...
 Plot is never the strong point of a Fred Astai...
 The Women (2008) by Diane English is sadly suc...
 The movie is an extra-long tale of a classic n...
 The movie goes something like this: Run around...
 This is a movie, that has all the basic elemen...
 I appreciate the effort that the filmmakers wa...
 If you want to enjoy the money you would spend...
 Any of Law & Order's, CSI (take your choice of...
 I have watched this film twice now and think i...
 I just saw "A Tale of Two Sisters" last night ...
 I was pleasantly surprised by the depth of sto...
 A comedy gem. Lots of laugh out loud moments, ...
 This movie is TRASH from the word go. First, i...
 Sporting a title seemingly more suitable for a...
 Terror in the Jungle is a real find. If you sa...
 I just cannot emphasize enough what a lovely m...
 The film moves along quite well but the acting...
 This amusing, sometimes poignant look at the H...
 This truly is an Australia cult classic. If yo...
 Cillian Murphy and Rachel McAdams star in this...
 I was skeptical when I first saw the Calvin Kl...
 This movie baffled me. I could not get a grip ...
 I finally rented this video after searching fo...
 I saW this film while at Birmingham Southern C...
 I just recently stumbled upon this show when A...
 Conrad Hall went out with a bang. The great fi...
 This movie features two of my favorite actors ...
 Some people think of Sweden in a negative way:...
 this movie is just an excuse for the writer to...
 Bo Derek will not go down in history as a grea...
 i watched this tape, immediately rewound it, w...
 Reda is a young Frenchman of Moroccan descent....
 The Bourne Ultimatum (2007) Review: After a th...
 I love this movie. It is great film that combi...
 "Semana Santa" or "Angel Of Death" is a very w...
 I watched this film in youth group, where my o...
 I'm not sure as to call this movie a children'...
 When will people learn that some movies are ma...
 ...about the importance of being young, having...
 This movie stinks. IMDb needs negative numbers...
 I made sure to see this film because it is a 1...
 Probably the worst Bollywood film I've seen.<b...
 Four Friends is one of those films that you go...
 This film was just absolutly brilliant. It act...
 Although I live in Minnesota, I have been stud...
 the government that he fought to establish to ...
 There is part of one sequence where some water...
 This really doesn't match up to Castle of Cagl...
 I am not going to lie, this is a great movie. ...
 I just watched this movie with a few friends t...
 With the rising popularity of the now iconic G...
 You know how everyone jokes about the acting i...
 Absolutely amazing! Humor, up-beat music and a...
 I have been trying to track The Age of Kings d...
 It is depressing that many people don't unders...
 A wonderful family movie & a beautiful horse m...
 This movie has it all. It is a classic depicti...
 I'll put this as plainly as possible for those...
 There was something here with the female lead ...
 Eve is an eye opener, because of the great sce...
 normally i'm not the sort to be scared by horr...
 I think I watched a highly edited version beca...
 Brian De Palma's undeniable virtuosity can't r...
 My friends and I saw the movie last night in A...
 With "Batman Returns", Tim Burton succumbed to...
 Hal Hartley's Henry Fool was an independent fi...
 What can I say? An excellent end to an excelle...
 Anyone who visited drive-ins in the 1950s, 60s...
 Made by french brothers Jules and Giddeon Naud...
 I'm afraid this one is pretty dreadful, despit...
 This movie lacks in everything. Except Bobby d...
 Dark Reality is a Saw like movie that is sligh...
 Shame Shame Shame on UA/DW for what you do! <b...
 This movie is a gem...an undiscovered Gerry An...
 This is one of the best movies I've seen. The ...
 The only other film besides Soylent Green that...
 "Spaced Invaders" is one of the funniest movie...
 Faces are slashed, throats are cut, blood squi...
 Each show is excellent. Finally, a show about ...
 I saw this film at the 2004 Toronto Internatio...
 There are two things that I like about Elvira,...
 I don't know what you guys are talking about, ...
 I like to think that I can appreciate a movie ...
 This is movie is garbage, it looked really fun...
 There is one really good scene in Faat Kine. T...
 I think the opening 20 minutes of this film is...
 As an Army veteran, I was deeply offended by t...
 This is a family movie that was broadcast on m...
 <br /><br />When I first heard about this back...
 TOUGH LUCK follows a homeless drifter as he be...
 I should explain why i gave this..."piece of a...
 Sit in your basement with the light out for an...
 Early Jackie Chan film where there is no sign ...
 Ghost Story,(The New House) is a terrific horr...
 College students (who are actually in their la...
 Only seen season 1 so far but this is just gre...
 DER TODESKING is not one of my favorite Jorg B...
 I recorded this ages ago but only got round to...
 I love this show. It's truly unique. I was und...
 Brokedown Palace is truly a one of a kind. It'...
 I could not believe it. This film was a total ...
 Once I knew that Donald Sutherland, (Jack Shaw...
 A couple of teenagers have a little sex on the...
 This movie is traditional bollywood fare as fa...
 "I'm a cartoon!" "You're an illustration!" wha...
 I am very interested in animal children and I ...
 I liked all the Lilo and Stitch movies. The TV...
 I consider Stuart Bliss the worst movie I have...
 Yes, this show had a lot of male frontal nudit...
 Me and my girlfriend, Annette, watched this to...
 This Italian film from the '70's is NOT even i...
 Considering the appalling track record of Mick...
 Literally every aspect of this science-fiction...
 Pure schlock from beginning to end. The averag...
 Every Christmas eve I make my kids endure yet ...
 Yes, I did, as I sit here red-faced, rememberi...
 Of the four main players in here - John Candy,...
 First Off Acting Is So Terrible Except For The...
 This movie gives us some WWII history along wi...
 And with those words one of the great movie pu...
 I've watched this movie, after having seen the...
 First, I loved the documentary. It represents ...
 Black Scorpion is a fun flick about a groovy f...
 This is actually a brilliant movie. The story ...
 I'm not sure what HK movies the other reviewer...
 About 5 minutes into the movie you're thrown i...
 "you can't take it realistically." -sheets<br ...
 It seems that the people behind Envy realised ...
 For a science scare movie to work well it has ...
 Something of a disappointment. Lee J. Cobb is ...
 Absolutely the most boring movie I have ever s...
 A nice and pleasant movie full of meditteranea...
 <br /><br />Worst. Movie. Ever.<br /><br />Wha...
 The film starts out very slowly, with the life...
 There is something kind of sad about seeing so...
 There's only 2 reasons I watch this show...I i...
 The Mother is one of those films that you know...
 One of the major successes to The Decline of W...
 Delightful minor film, juggling comedy and det...
 Eleven "great" filmmakers, eleven pieces of ga...
 I saw this film at our crossroads film festiva...
 I am a massive Hitchcock fan, ever since seein...
 I have waited a long time to see this movie. I...
 Moe and Larry are newly henpecked husbands, ha...
 SPOILERS THROUGHOUT:<br /><br />Not good. The ...
 Not much to it but a validation of small town ...
 What a great cast for this movie. The timing w...
 Not only is this film entertaining, with excel...
 The first movie of this series was well writte...
 This is a great film for McCartney's and Beatl...
 Chances are, you'll think this movie is incred...
 This movie (and yes, it's a movie - it was sho...
 It is more a subtle story of the fact that in ...
 I have to say I totally loved the movie. It ha...
 The movie was pretty bad. It's not so much a s...
 I adore Hedy Lamarr. I think she was vastly un...
 Maximally manipulative Anabel Sims (Betsy Drak...
 i can't figure out who greenlighted this thing...
 * Terrible * * Below Par * * * Not Bad * * * *...
 It's hard for me to assign the "fair" number o...
 David Morse and Andre Braugher are very talent...
 This is one of the funniest series ever! I lau...
 This is my favorite horror film, a close 2nd t...
 Being a HUGE fan of the bottom series i was re...
 After an intriguing start, this little drama q...
 I spent three months living in the East End of...
 I wish the series had not ended so soon. Altho...
 I am an avid fan of horrendous movies, anythin...
 Michael Radford has done an excellent job brin...
 Richard Attenborough is a director whose name ...
 This is a serious film about black revolutiona...
 So after the initial disappointment of the fir...
 Jim Carrey is a particular brand of humour and...
 A bunch of full-length movies featuring the Mu...
 This film works on a lot of different levels. ...
 Artemisia Gentileschi, the daughter of Orazio ...
 Lil Pimp is the story of a little boy who beco...
 This movie is an incredibly self-indulgent cha...
 Rarely has such an amazing cast been wasted so...
 I honestly had no idea that the Notorious B.I....
 Eric Rohmer's "The Lady and the Duke". could h...
 This is a script that Ed Wood worked over 10 y...
 Massacre is a film directed by Andrea Bianchi ...
 Susie Q is a great romantic prom Movie. Amy Jo...
 The Bothersome Man is one of the best foreign ...
 This is one of Peter Sellers' best movies. Why...
 this movie is sooooo bad that it forced me to ...
 Every Saturday morning at 11 a.m. I watched Su...
 This film was released soon after the Conan fi...
 I guess my husband and I are a little slow. We...
 Another big star cast, another glamour's set, ...
 I loved the first "American Graffiti" with all...
 With the release of Peter Jackson's famed "Lor...
 This particular episode of Smallville is proba...
 Based on an actual mining disaster, this early...
 Someone reviewed this movie as a "waste of tim...
 Sure I've seen bad movies in my life, but this...
 If you want to see how to ruin a film, study t...
 This was a rather unnerving look at an ostensi...
 Everyone knows that Lindburgh succeeded in the...
 In a word...amazing.<br /><br />I initially wa...
 This was Eisenstein's first completed project ...
 Where to start, this movie started badly and e...
 An intriguingly bold film weaves the seemingly...
 I saw this film at a store in the cheap sectio...
 This is the perfect example of how a great boo...
 I'm a fan of TV movies in general and this was...
 The Further Adventures of Ma and Pa Kettle alm...
 Most people who chase after movies featuring A...
 ...and that's saying something. No matter how ...
 Legend of Dragoon is one of those little-known...
 The Beloved Rogue is a wonderful period piece....
 Hard to believe this was directed by Fritz Lan...
 Seems like some of the previous reviewers has ...
 Having been brought up in Phenix City as a chi...
 I love these "Diaper Baby" movies! You couldn'...
 Now don't get me wrong, I love seeing half nak...
 I didn't watch this show that much when I was ...
 Quite a production from the director telling t...
 For those who expect documentaries to be objec...
 A beautiful film, cleverly shot with an eye to...
 A group of environmentalists travel to an isla...
 My friends and I saw this at the San Diego Bla...
 I saw this film on its release, and have watch...
 I rented this movie from the library (it's har...
 Wesley Snipes is perfectly cast as Blade, a ha...
 The best of the seven Sam Fuller movies that I...
 Red Eye is a thrilling film by the creator of ...
 Fun bad movie which should amuse. One of Joan ...
 This screened at Sundance last night to a rece...
 That's right. The movie is better than the boo...
 *Spoilers ahead, but that shouldn't matter sin...
 Christopher Lambert attracted me to this movie...
 "Two Hands" is a hilarious Australian gangster...
 This is the first recorded effort to put sound...
 The Emperor and the Assassin (w/English Subtit...
 A cheap exploitation film about a mothers sear...
 This was a less than exciting short film I saw...
 This little show is obviously some stupid litt...
 Nothing like this was seen on TV at that time ...
 Absolute garbage, worse fight scenes than a 20...
 A young solicitor in sent to a remote area to ...
 There really is very little positive that can ...
 I can't believe I sat through this garbage. Pa...
 The main problem of the first "Vampires" movie...
 As we all know the sub-genre of sex comedies i...
 I know I should like this film, and I do for t...
 Classic drama/action western with incredible c...
 With a cast list like this one, I expected far...
 <br /><br />What an absolutely crappy film thi...
 This is so bad it will be my contribution to t...
 How much longer are we to persist with this fl...
 I would agree with the comments already posted...
 Being the first feature film with Robert De Ni...
 This film is a very bad example of uninspired ...
 I'm not sure I understand where all these enth...
 Jennifer Jason Leigh and Mare Winningham are a...
 You just need to see this as a poorly executed...
 Lillian Hellman, one of America's most famous ...
 60 minutes in the beautiful Christina Galbo tr...
 How can Barry Levinson possibly assemble white...
 The unthinkable has happened. Having first wit...
 Yes, people are racist. People are even racist...
 OK, my girlfriend and I rented the DVD and abo...
 Ouch! They don't come much worse than this hor...
 Miscasting happens. Susannah Yorke is a lumino...
 Sure, it has its pretentious moments, it plays...
 Every movie from the thirties is dated, but if...
 SLASHERS (2 outta 5 stars)<br /><br />Not real...
 Theo Robertson has commented that WAW didn't a...
 Second part (actually episode 4-8) of the hit ...
 I don't know why I'm commenting this stupid re...
 The Cell is weak on plot, filled with holes an...
 PLEASE?! If this is about technology and what ...
 The movie forever strong will never be nominat...
 Max had the V-8, Trace (Wheels of Fires last a...
 The Education of Little Tree is just not as go...
 One of the most notorious of the banned "Video...
 The Coen Brothers have done it again. Three de...
 All the talent Mr. Sooraj Barjatya showed in h...
 There were good performances by Robin Williams...
 I found this film by mistake many years ago & ...
 ......... and you get Chori Chori Chupke Chupk...
 Since the 70s, writer/producer/director Charle...
 The 1935 version of "Enchanted April" manages ...
 I guess that this movie is based on some kind ...
 The case is the best part of the movie but it ...
 Though this may not necessarily be a so-called...
 Alfred Hitchcok is not my favorite director by...
 This movie was so dumb and slow was it ever sl...
 I first saw this masterpiece on VHS 10 years a...
 This unsung quiet gem tells the true story of ...
 Dominion Tank Police is without a shell of a d...
 I have seen Dolemite and also (Avenging) Disco...
 Watching film i was in very light mood and als...
 Years before pre-nuptial agreements became a r...
 My children just happened to stop at this movi...
 As part of our late 1950s vocabulary, we well ...
 This critique tells the story of 4 little frie...
 This is what they came up with for prop comedi...
 I hate over-long over-talky French movies, but...
 Anand is one of those low-budget but well take...
 The most enjoyable pet movie since Scooby Doo ...
 Early, heavy, war-time propaganda short urging...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 This is definitely an excellent show. I don't ...
 Just watched on UbuWeb this early experimental...
 I bought this cheap from the rental remnant at...
 Awful! Awful! Awful! Drab, unimaginative, pred...
 I watched Peter Jackson version of Lord of the...
 Great horror comedy from Michael Davis.Iwas la...
 After my 6 year old daughter began taking ridi...
 While I hold its predecessor, "Fast Times At R...
 What a snore-fest.<br /><br />Of all the bits ...
 This is a low-budget "Scream" style movie. "Ma...
 From the English accents to the so unnecessary...
 It was a movie that made ya think a little. So...
 This movie was terrible. at first i just read ...
 Well, it's all been said about this movie and ...
 This story about a man's 28 year struggle for ...
 I have been watching movies from i think last ...
 The only good either of the Problem Child film...
 A really sweet movie that has some similaritie...
 Definitely not worth the rental, but if you ca...
 The '60s is an occasionally entertaining film,...
 Let's be honest here: the only reason anyone b...
 One of the worst movies I have ever seen. Seag...
 I tried to like this program; I really did. I ...
 Hard to believe, perhaps, but this film was de...
 Man, I really love the new DVD that Universal ...
 Screenwriter Lisa Lutz began writing the scree...
 "Cement" is a bad movie about a bad cop (Penn)...
 One of the major flaws in this film is that wh...
 Greetings again from the darkness. What ever h...
 The movie remains in the gray for far too long...
 I ran across this several years ago while chan...
 The three-part series ended last night on PBS,...
 Got to be one of the best political satires I ...
 I have loved the book "A Little Princess" for ...
 Apparently re-cut episodes from the Gangbuster...
 I remember watching "Lost Missile" (actually t...
 I do see what my forebears saw in the youthful...
 A pointless movie with nothing but gratuitous ...
 I first saw this movie at a Saturday matinee w...
 A rather mild horror movie; if not for a coupl...
 The only words you need fear more than Joe Don...
 I know John Singleton's a smart guy 'coz he ma...
 This film is essentially for those who have ha...
 Just when it was easy to assume that a costume...
 I just thought I would add another observation...
 As usual, another masterpiece in the Vice Acad...
 I thought this was a splendid showcase for Man...
 Once again, I am amazed that Thomas Gibson did...
 The many other comments about the film say it ...
 Indian cinema typifies cops of two broad categ...
 Andrewjlau, I could not agree more. My girlfri...
 A patchwork about 911. The 11 stories from 11 ...
 Of all the football films I have watched, this...
 I watched this film not expecting much and not...
 I had no idea what this film was about or even...
 I like the good things in life as much as anyb...
 Now I did watch this when it first came out on...
 This is a plain old spooky ghost story. I show...
 Debra Winger's 1987 "Black Widow" is MUCH bett...
 I've never been a big Larry Clark fan, but som...
 <br /><br />Presenting Lily Mars is one of a g...
 This movie is a bad to alright rip off of Frid...
 A British twist on Harold and Maude, Driving L...
 Aaron Sorking raises the same questions as Sha...
 I thought that the storyline came into place v...
 This film gives a look at the suffering a fami...
 If Sicily is a territory of the baroque, with ...
 After traveling around the world, it dawned on...
 This movie is horrible, but you have to see it...
 This film, along with WESTFRONT 1918, are my f...
 I am speechless, honestly I cannot understand ...
 I'm going to say first off that I have given t...
 The animation was fab and the film funny. The ...
 [Warning contains spoilers]<br /><br />I felt ...
 ** and 1/2 stars out of **** Lifeforce is one ...
 A bum gives a Secret Serviceman a tip about a ...
 It seems a lot of IMDB comments on this film a...
 This is pretty much the first Jason Scott Lee ...
 Most of the criticism of "Attack of Show" is f...
 Daisy Movie Review By James Mudge From beyondh...
 Heather Graham couldn't play a convincing lesb...
 this is another good western,which i enjoyed.i...
 I grabbed La Bandara because it reunited Jean ...
 This flick is TERRIBLE! It sets out to disgust...
 Enjoyed 'Den brysomme mannen' http://ow.ly/PTT...
 i have been watching this movie repeatedly, si...
 First of all, the only reason people keep bitc...
 Interesting cartoon, included on the DVD of "T...
 Dan Burgess is a nice guy. He happens to be a ...
 Flight of Fury starts as General Tom Barnes (A...
 Paul & Grace Hartman are my husbands grandpare...
 First let me say that Before Sunrise, like all...
 This film is totally unbelievable. The only wa...
 Shazbot, is this embarrassing. In fact, here's...
 Every time this movie used to re-air on late n...
 First of all, DO NOT call this a remake of the...
 To say the truth, I went to see this movie onl...
 Just to save you money and time I will go ahea...
 Want a great recipe for failure? Take a crappy...
 Broadway and film actor-turned-director John C...
 are highlights of this 1917 feature. The Pride...
 The cast was well picked. Pauly Shore is hilar...
 Sure, 65 years have passed since Thalberg's la...
 There is a reason why the world forgot these c...
 This movie is pretty awful but I have some int...
 Here's a horror version of PRISCILLA: QUEEN OF...
 If you read the book before seeing the movie y...
 Who would have thought that a movie about a ma...
 This film grabbed me right from its start, whe...
 Going into Teaching Mrs Tingle, all I wanted w...
 Think of a no-budget version of China Syndrome...
 I never saw this when I was a kid, so this was...
 This movie typifies the early eighties as well...
 NB: Spoilers within. This great movie is "abou...
 For those of you who've wondered what an art-h...
 This Movie Is Excellent The passion between Ja...
 I purchased this film on DVD for £4, but it wa...
 Congo is another multi-milion dollar adaptatio...
 Having just seen the A Perfect Spy mini series...
 Final Score: 1.8 (out of 10)<br /><br />After ...
 This movie had an interesting enough plot abou...
 As I write this in November 2005 I've become a...
 PEOPLE ARE STUPID.You shouldn't cheer when Par...
 Dick Foran and Peggy Moran, who were so good t...
 What can I say? You expect only the best in dr...
 Death in Venice is a movie I need to see once ...
 I waited a while to post a review of this docu...
 Gritty drama? Emotionally powerful? Blah! The ...
 Go up to any film fan and ask them the title o...
 I think this movie lacks so much of substance,...
 I have nothing against religious movies. Relig...
 I didn't know what to expect from 'Ned Kelly',...
 This movie really rocks! Jeff Wincott is terri...
 I watch bad movies.<br /><br />This movie is n...
 This is probably the most irritating show I ha...
 This is a candidate for the single most disapp...
 Crackerjack is a simple but feelgood movie whe...
 "I just viewed this movie last night and I don...
 Since this picture is classified a "pure enter...
 Taiwanese director Ang Lee, whose previous fil...
 The cinematography is the film's shining featu...
 I think the context of the story has been cove...
 Its like if you took the general themes of The...
 I won't repeat all that has been said already ...
 An unjustly neglected classic, "Intruder in th...
 This is the official sequel to the '92 sci-fi ...
 It was so very long ago (1960), but I have nev...
 Othello, the classic Shakespearen story of lov...
 Julie Andrews plays a German spy who falls in ...
 a very good episode, although not as devastati...
 Perhaps I'm just a simple person, but I prefer...
 Watch On The Rhine started as a Broadway play ...
 Brilliant Aussie movie... A little slow at the...
 I gave this movie a rating of 1 (Awful). The o...
 Star Trek V definitely earns the dubious disti...
 Anyone who correctly identifies the opening im...
 This cheap, grainy-filmed Italian flick is abo...
 In watching how the two brothers interact and ...
 An obscure horror show filmed in the Everglade...
 I've now seen this film twice, and I must say ...
 I've been watching this movie by hoping to fin...
 The video quality is awful. The sound quality ...
 OK, so I loved Rachael Ray before, but now, I ...
 Brilliant. Ranks along with Citizen Kane, The ...
 This is an unusual Laurel & Hardy comedy with ...
 Christopher Boyce (Oscar-Winner:Timothy Hutton...
 Simply awful slasher, molded from the I KNOW W...
 Admittedly, before seeing House of Wax, I assu...
 I watched this movie expecting what I got: goo...
 Where oh where to begin in describing the comp...
 It's obvious that the people who made 'Dead At...
 I was recently at a sleepover birthday party w...
 This horror movie is really weak...that is if ...
 Though, short lived "The Amazing Spider-Man" w...
 My wife and I watched this marvelous movie thi...
 endearing tale........ voted ten against all a...
 i´ve seen this piece of perfection :-) during ...
 It begins with several of the principles on a ...
 As I was watching this movie I was thinking,OK...
 This movie started off great; the first 30 min...
 I saw this movie twice. I can't believe Pintil...
 This piece of Crap is actually the BOMB, as in...
 Thinly-cloaked retelling of the Garden-of-Eden...
 It is no wonder this movie won 4 prices, it is...
 What a long, drawn-out, pointless movie. I'm s...
 I'm Irish and I've been living in Denmark for ...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 What a loss the passing of director Emile Ardo...
 Most predicable movie I've ever seen...extreme...
 When I first rented Batman Returns, I immediat...
 I've received this movie from a cousin in Norw...
 I liked this movie, not because Tom Selleck wa...
 Once again John Madden has given us a magnific...
 This movie has got to be one of the all-time l...
 I bought this movie for a couple of dollars at...
 Like many others have commented before me here...
 The first half of the film is OK, the second h...
 I cannot believe how unknown this movie is,it ...
 If you want to truly experience the magic (?) ...
 I have just read the lead comment for this fil...
 I have never seen a Barbara Steele movie that ...
 This is my all time favorite Looney Tunes cart...
 One of the weaker Carry On adventures sees Sid...
 I first saw "Signs of Life" on PBS as an Ameri...
 Film historians have said much about ancient e...
 This movie gets it right. As a former USAF Avi...
 This is a very odd movie for Harold Lloyd--at ...
 For that matter one of the worst FILMS ever ma...
 Yet another colourful excuse for men in rubber...
 The premise is amazing and the some of the act...
 First I liked that movie. It seemed to me a ni...
 Three flash-backs introduce the main character...
 I was especially delighted that in this movie ...
 A rousing adventure form director George Steve...
 I watched this movie last night and already I ...
 Scooby Doo is undoubtedly one of the most simp...
 I felt compelled to write about this movie aft...
 ... BREAKER MORANT and ROMPER STOMPER . It has...
 An anonymous film which could have been direct...
 I absolutely LOVED this movie! It was SO good!...
 I had never heard about this film prior to com...
 This is possibly one of the worst movies I hav...
 The opening scenes move as fluidly as frozen v...
 I was surprised to read the comments of the pe...
 This is a wonderful movie with a fun, clever s...
 Iam not sure if discussing the television seri...
 I am a longtime fan of the original of this mo...
 This cordial comedy confronts a few bizarre ch...
 I know when you buy a used (oops, excuse me, p...
 Because IT IS, that's why! This is the same je...
 I saw this movie with my friend and we couldnt...
 How low can someone sink while trying to recap...
 <br /><br />Since cats have nine lives, I'll g...
 This two and a half hour long film was shown r...
 Film follows four friends from the 1950s (when...
 Waco: Rules of Engagement does a very good job...
 <br /><br />Artisticly shot, actors portray ex...
 I give it 8 out of 10 because it is a cult cla...
 for those of you who love lord of the rings an...
 Each story has a lesson for young and old. But...
 Nice attempt and good ideas (redemption of the...
 "Here On Earth" is a surprising beautiful roma...
 Wow !! I didn't even know about this movie unt...
 As the jacket proclaims, this film is "Gorgeou...
 Gwoemul (The Host) - Due to pollution in the H...
 A beautiful film. One that made me think of go...
 I haven't seen this in over 20yrs but I still ...
 The 60´s is a well balanced mini series betwee...
 This Asterix is very similar to modern Disney ...
 This film is not deserved of the next few minu...
 When the movie begins, it's obvious just how o...
 In New York, a group of freshmen join the High...
 Over the years I seemed to have missed this pi...
 This is the one movie that represents all that...
 This movie, one of the best I've ever seen, ta...
 As a South African, living in South Africa aga...
 This has to be one of the most awfully scripte...
 Rated E(Contains Violence).<br /><br />I had t...
 I love special effects and witnessing new tech...
 Nightscream is a TV Movie so it's bound to be ...
 i do not understand at all why this movie rece...
 Presenting Lily Mars (MGM, 1943) is a cute fil...
 "In April 1946, the University of Chicago agre...
 It's exactly what the title tells you...an isl...
 I had seen 'Kalifornia' before (must be about ...
 I read the comment of Chris_m_grant from Unite...
 This movie was a brilliant concept. It was ori...
 Spoilers I guess.<br /><br /> The absolutely a...
 I like end-of-days movies. I like B-movies. I ...
 I am a HUGE Tenacious D fan, and I think this ...
 Who gave these people money to make a movie? T...
 This movie starts out brisk, has some slow mom...
 This is a very "right on case" movie that deli...
 Of all the reviews I've read, most people have...
 The trouble with this film, like so many other...
 "A Minute to Pray, A Second to Die" is a quali...
 I saw the film at the Nashville Film Festival....
 This is a true story of an Australian couple w...
 I felt this film did have many good qualities....
 This is te cartoon that should have won instea...
 Rarely do I see a film that I am totally engro...
 Well to start with Rajkumar Santoshi is not a ...
 Coyote Ugly might have been much more effectiv...
 I saw this movie yesterday on Turner, and I wa...
 I was honestly surprised by Alone in the Dark....
 Reports of this film's brilliance appear to ha...
 I know a lot of people like this show and i ap...
 I have been reading a lot of different opinion...
 The movie was surprisingly wonderful especiall...
 I have seen this movie more than 50 times in m...
 Either or, I love the suspension of any formul...
 For me, it just didn't seem like GI Joe at all...
 OK.. at the time of writing, 65 people voted f...
 Well, I do like the gore in this movie - it is...
 I don't understand how people could not like t...
 Some thirty years ago, Author Numa Sadoul publ...
 Proof if ever more was needed, that an action ...
 In Paris, the shy and insecure bureaucrat Trel...
 Johnnie (Bert Wheeler) is a would-be songwrite...
 Even if this film was allegedly a joke in resp...
 Written by Stephen King, but this treatment is...
 I just watched this movie. In one word: sucky!...
 Exceptionally horrible tale that I can barely ...
 How to qualify this film, simply HORRIBLE. It ...
 There is a need for this kind of entertainment...
 Additionally titled BURNING MAN and FLASH FIRE...
 This fabulous movie must be viewed knowing tha...
 To sum it all up, skip End of Days and watch r...
 I was so impressed with Doug McGrath's film ve...
 This movie shows how racist John Singleton is....
 I got a DVD of "Bogeyman" and this stunker was...
 I was at school in the late sixties and early ...
 I first saw this movie in the mid 80's and tho...
 When I go to see a movie about zombie's, I'm n...
 Thank God I was not operating any heavy machin...
 I have to agree that the movie is not the best...
 The opening of MORTE A VENEZIA resembles a Dur...
 Jolene (Heather Graham) operates a night club ...
 Imagine, its, say 12-1am - your at home, your ...
 I am beginning to see a very consistent patter...
 When I remember seeing the previews for this m...
 A man brings his new wife to his home where hi...
 `Our Song' gives us the lives of the three tee...
 "Nacho Libre" (2006) <br /><br />Directed By: ...
 Yet another "son who won't grow up" flick, and...
 This movie is about a side of Ireland that Ame...
 I am a firm believer that a film, TV serial or...
 Shown in Australia as 'Hydrosphere', this incr...
 At your video store, you might find this gem.<...
 A woman who deals in art starts to have a pass...
 taking into consideration the Chan films that ...
 I agree with the posters before that the chara...
 In terms of historical accuracy, this is the a...
 What is very French about this film is the tim...
 This may not be the worst comedy of all time, ...
 Recap: It's business as usual at Louche's casi...
 Cameron Mitchell plays an actor who is dating ...
 "The Final Comedown" wants to "say something" ...
 I managed to see the MTV premiere of this movi...
 I found the movie Judas Kiss excellent. Carla ...
 This movie is a farce! Names are grossly mispr...
 Oz is a great series, one of televisions under...
 One of the best comedians ever. I've seen this...
 I couldn't agree more. The book is one of Dean...
 Way back in 1967, a certain director had no id...
 It's funny, when you stop and think about it: ...
 "Hollywood Hotel" has relationships to many fi...
 Unlike most of the reviewers of this particula...
 I just finished watching Disappearances at AFI...
 'You're in the Navy Now' is painfully bad: ver...
 Yes it is your typical direct to video action ...
 I usually seek to find good in movies, even th...
 I loved "Dan in Real Life". A wonderful journe...
 if i could rate it a zero i would , coming fro...
 It has been said that Deanna Durbin invented t...
 The thing that stands out in my mind in this f...
 Except for the Brady Variety Hour, this was so...
 Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what...
 Truly this is a 'heart-warming' film. It won t...
 Stories about the possibility of a post-apocal...
 This film got roasted by the boys at MST3K, bu...
 Every once in a while, Eddie Murphy will surpr...
 Millions in gold is traveling by train to the ...
 I remember reading all the horrible, horrible ...
 I did not set very high expectations for this ...
 This movie tries to be artistic but comes acro...
 Hilarious hardly begins to describe this one o...
 Billy Wilder is co-credited for the story, and...
 Hello all you lovely Dirty Dancing fans!!!! I ...
 Unlike many, I don't find the premise or theme...
 I thought the movie was good, but I like to re...
 Why did I waste my money on this on the last d...
 I'm afraid that I have to disagree with the ma...
 This one's as cheesy as they come  the concep...
 It takes guts to make a movie on Gandhi in Ind...
 Very poor effort that offers pretty much nothi...
 There is really no way to compare this motion ...
 An absoloutely wonderful film that works on se...
 Five medical students (Kevin Bacon, David Labr...
 It's what you expect. It induces laughter, cri...
 Really, They spelled it BRAIN in the credits, ...
 What Hopkins does succeed at with this effort ...
 Flockhart's performance is very disappointing....
 'The Dresser' is one of those films which are ...
 A Three Stooges short, this one featuring Shem...
 OK. A warning for anyone out there who is a pa...
 This could have been a very good film, if I ha...
 I saw this movie in Santa Monica on Aug. 23 an...
 This film has so little class in comparison to...
 As you may have gathered from the title, I who...
 The book on which this movie is based was exce...
 I've seen a lot of movies and rarely would I e...
 Thursday June 9, 9:15pm Egyptian Theater Satur...
 Awful film. Terrible acting, cheesy, totally u...
 Spacecamp is a movie that I plan to show my Da...
 This is not a story. It's a bunch of psychic n...
 This movie was a sicky sweet cutesy romantic c...
 I'm sorry but I cannot even partly agree with ...
 I've never seen the original "House Of Wax" so...
 I swear, I had never seen such a bad movie as ...
 I saw this at the Mill Valley Film Festival. H...
 The performances by the male leads make this l...
 Red Rock West is a perfect example of how good...
 I never like to comment on a good film but whe...
 This movie is mostly crap and the only reason ...
 This movie is a masterpiece of brilliant actin...
 This one is a poor attempt at spinning the old...
 "La Furia del Hombre Lobo" forms a completely ...
 Excellent documentary that still manages to sh...
 I know this film was shown on local TV when I ...
 In a near future, the ordinary man above any s...
 This is an odd film for me, as after I reviewe...
 When I rented Domino I was expected it to be v...
 Jon Cryer reprises his role as a neurotic guy ...
 This is one a most famous movies of the French...
 Excellent show. Instead of watching the same o...
 If you like detective and police shows and you...
 I couldn't make heads or tails out of this ter...
 This is a really cute movie. I had a massive s...
 Amitabh and Jiah Khan, raised great expectatio...
 I picked this movie up to replace the dismal c...
 I've seen worse, which is a backhanded way of ...
 Stylish, moody, innovative revenge-driven bloo...
 I think this movie is my favorite movie. I am ...
 Frank Capra's creativity must have been just a...
 I very much enjoyed this movie and I think mos...
 Looking all of 29 years old, Rob Lowe is a det...
 With an interesting premise (in the conflicts ...
 I'm working my way through the Horror Classics...
 Skenbart takes place in the 1940s, right after...
 real love. true love. mad love. beautiful love...
 I have seen this movie and anybody who has eve...
 Where do I begin with the Killing Mind before ...
 Well, what can I say, this movie really got to...
 Messiah was compulsive viewing from start to f...
 After just watching FIVE ACROSS THE EYES, I go...
 First of all, it is interesting to note that o...
 I vaugely recall seeing this when I was 3 year...
 METAMORPHOSIS I am working my way through the ...
 Rarely have I seen a work of literature transl...
 If you're into alternate realities, contemplat...
 Yes, absolutely dreadful, And this coming from...
 Personally, I can only but agree with Stephen-...
 In Northeastern of Brazil, the father of the t...
 I saw this at my in-laws' house one night when...
 This film is little more than an ersatz Verhoe...
 While it contains facts that are not widely re...
 Good Movie, acting was terrific especially fro...
 Two hard-luck but crafty ladies decide to act ...
 Recently I saw this movie again (after 25 year...
 Thunderball and Never are two of the biggest b...
 I only comment on really very good films and o...
 there should be a sub-genre in the Western cal...
 Lars von Trier's Europa is a worthy echo of Th...
 Written by a woman, and directed by another. W...
 This movie is NOT funny. It just takes the D&D...
 Seldom is seen a film sequel that surpasses or...
 I guess it wasn't entirely the filmmaker's fau...
 I realize the line on my summary is not too po...
 I kid you not. Yes, "Who's That Girl" has the ...
 Loved Part One, The Impossible Planet, but who...
 Suffice it to say that this substandard B has ...
 My teacher taped this and showed it to us in C...
 The main achievement of this film is that thou...
 Another Priyadarshan/Vohra flick another movie...
 I can't comment on the accuracy of this produc...
 Having worked in downtown Manhattan, and often...
 Ed Wood is eclipsed and becomes Orson Welles. ...
 I am terribly sorry, I know that Faßbinder sti...
 I am sorry folks, but I have to say I really c...
 The fourth in the "Dirty Harry" series, this f...
 This is my opinion of this movie, expressed in...
 This movie is really good. The plot, which wor...
 Despite being a 2001 movie, the direction is t...
 Although this movie is inaccurate overall, the...
 This film is a tour de force from Julie Taymor...
 This movie was disturbing, not because of the ...
 This must rate with the worst films I have eve...
 "Catchfire" or "Backtrack" as it is sometimes ...
 Yes, some people have said that this movie was...
 I waited and waited for this film to come out,...
 It stars war correspondent William Holden sepa...
 WESTERN UNION tells in melodramatic fashion th...
 Those reviewers who have complained that this ...
 After having problems in Chicago, the Solomon ...
 ...but this just isn't working and I am surpri...
 Hmmmm, want a little romance with your mystery...
 Last Christmas, I was lucky enough to receive ...
 A light, uplifting and engaging movie. Watchin...
 I had never heard of this film when a good fri...
 Heavily re-edited and often confusing, the ori...
 A Great show.<br /><br />First, to the people ...
 After watching this movie I was honestly disap...
 A Delta Force Army unit, assigned to find a ba...
 This is a wonderfully gritty drama, detailing ...
 One of the best films I have seen in the past ...
 I enjoyed Ramin Bahrani's Man Push Cart, and t...
 This was Laurel and Hardy's last silent film f...
 I'm gettin' sick of movies that sound entertai...
 As an avid Gone With the Wind fan, I was disap...
 Yet ANOTHER movie about a group of less-than-i...
 This movie is essentially shot on a hand held ...
 I must admit that this is the type of film tha...
 This is arguably the best film director Haim B...
 Well, finally got to see the remake last night...
 A group of forest rangers and scientists go in...
 Sometimes, but very rarely, a movie tells a st...
 This was a great movie that had a lot of under...
 This film says everything there is to say abou...
 The entire series, not just The Blue Planet, i...
 SPOILERS <br /><br />As you may know, I have b...
 First of all, I just have to say that I'm a hu...
 The surprise nominee of this year's Best Anima...
 I thought the film could be a bit more complex...
 This week, I just thought it would be fun to c...
 Some changes for the better (the special effec...
 I think I win the "bargain" contest for this m...
 Yeah sure it's cheesy, it's not Zombie, but it...
 Even if you do not typically enjoy documentari...
 I really did like this show, once upon a time....
 Possibly the finest moment of TV, at least in ...
 As a bit of a Michael Dudikoff fan I sat down ...
 The filming is pleasant and the environment is...
 This film has its detractors, and Courtney's f...
 Usually I have a lot of luck with these small ...
 I recently had to watch this for a project in ...
 Well first off I'd like to add that I myself i...
 This movie is over hyped!! I am sad to say tha...
 Along with 2 days in the Valley, I think this ...
 I saw this film at the Sundance Film Festival ...
 The Italian concept of "sprezzatura" was the g...
 Bled is a very apt title for this As you watch...
 I first saw this when it came out in the theat...
 The trouble with the book, "Memoirs of a Geish...
 i see there are great reviews of this film alr...
 "Traffik 1989" is an Emmy award winning six pa...
 Those wishing to see film noir remakes, should...
 The movie starts off in a classroom setting wh...
 Bergman and comedy don't quite go together. So...
 One can always tell if I'm enjoying a movie by...
 Two horse traders arrive in a town and meet up...
 "9/11," hosted by Robert DeNiro, presents foot...
 An archaeologist (Casper Van Dien) stumbles ac...
 Frankly I'm amazed to see that this movie is g...
 **** MILD SPOILERS _ BUT YOU PROBABLY KNOW THE...
 Having not read the novel, I can't tell how fa...
 Though not a fan of Sam Rockwell, I was surpri...
 What a outstanding movie is this i have not wo...
 This is one of the most awful movies I've had ...
 My local PBS station WHYY Philadelphia recentl...
 There were some decent moments in this film, a...
 First of all let me say that I had to think a ...
 REnted this one accidentally, it was behind th...
 ...apparently Bernard Cribbins ad libbed nearl...
 Having seen just about every movie on record t...
 This movie was so bad it looked like a home mo...
 A warning to potential viewers of this experim...
 a bit slow and boring, the tale of an old man ...
 Although this movie has a slow, dream-like, al...
 I don't recall walking out of a movie theater ...
 I am so disappointed. After waiting for 3 year...
 It's always nice to see Angela Bassett getting...
 Far from providing the caffeine kick you'd exp...
 Just okay film about a woman who is a twin hav...
 Set in 1945, Skenbart follows a failed Swedish...
 i was a projectionist while in the U.S.A.F. an...
 The master of movie spectacle Cecil B. De Mill...
 The Caprica episode (S01E01) is well done as a...
 For my humanities quarter project for school, ...
 After watching "A Texas Tale of Treason" you f...
 Edward Dmytryk's "Crossfire" is a rare film co...
 Coming from the same director who'd done "Cand...
 Diana Muldaur appears on Star Trek for the sec...
 This is a great movie, I did the play a while ...
 I love this movie. My friend Marcus and I were...
 This short movie intends to focus on one issue...
 I purchased this video on VCR tape in a good-w...
 This 30 minute documentary Buñuel made in the ...
 This film is remarkable in how unremarkable it...
 I absolutely love Promised Land. The first epi...
 "Two Hands" is an entertaining, funny story ab...
 Mix exotic tropical locations, babes in skimpy...
 I was very interested to see this movie when i...
 I read a viciously hidden remarks on a previou...
 I am a big movie fan. I like movies of all typ...
 I saw MESSIAH 2 a few months ago and didn`t ge...
 A propaganda film for the Palestinian "cause"....
 In Moscow, the priest Owen (Vincent Gallo) hir...
 If it was possible to give negative stars I wo...
 "One Dark Night" is a staple in the 1980's low...
 of Adam's apple and With Your Permission. I di...
 After seeing the credits with only one name th...
 I couldn't believe this terrible movie was act...
 As gently as I can, I sincerely believe this m...
 I wasn't expecting to be so impacted by this f...
 I thought this movie was awesome and the two g...
 Though a bit more polished technically than th...
 http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=211772...
 The scene where Sally Field and Whoopi Goldber...
 I watch this movie every time it plays on TV. ...
 This flick, which is a.k.a. "Life In the Fast ...
 My title above says it all. Let me make it cle...
 I had seen this movie just days before Hallowe...
 if you are going to see this movie, by all mea...
 Malefique pretty much has the viewer from star...
 I have been familiar with the fantastic book o...
 A very attractive and capable cast is lost in ...
 Bug Juice changed my life. I Know it sounds st...
 This movie is a Gem because it moves with soft...
 This final entry in George Lucas's STAR WARS m...
 Okay now this movie is a piece of work. It's f...
 David and Bathsheba is a lavish Hollywood Bibl...
 Well, I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. It was ...
 I don't know why this has gotten any decent re...
 This has to be one of the most sincere and tou...
 This is something new.<br /><br />There's a co...
 This is, in simple terms, one of the worst fil...
 I don't really know why but I watched this wit...
 So first things first..<br /><br />Angels and ...
 Boring and appallingly acted(Summer Pheonix). ...
 This is one of Crichton's best books. The char...
 Encompassing virtual reality, the potential of...
 Miyazaki has been doing his mojo since the 70s...
 While I suppose this film could get the rap as...
 This is definitely one of the ultimate cult cl...
 This film is the freshman effort of Stephanie ...
 The threesome of Bill Boyd, Robert Armstrong, ...
 This movie is without a doubt the worst horror...
 I had never heard of this Adam Sandler movie u...
 One night, barkeeper Randy (Matt Dillon) rescu...
 Good old Jess Franco! The always-reliable choi...
 _The Wild Life_ has an obvious resemblance to ...
 A nurse travels to a rural psychiatric clinic ...
 This is one of my all time favorite movies, it...
 This had to be one of the worst movies I've ev...
 Let's start this review out on a positive note...
 As a big fan of gorilla movies in general, I a...
 This intelligent, moving and beautiful film is...
 It's a good thing The Score came along for Mar...
 This film is bundled along with "Gli fumavano ...
 Death Wish 3 is exactly what a bad movie shoul...
 I loved this movie. I knew it would be chocked...
 I was a child when I saw this serial, a bit af...
 When I saw this film on FearNet, I thought it ...
 James Stewart stars in a classic western tale ...
 In this era when almost everything makes it on...
 This is a movie that will brighten up your day...
 By now you should already know about this film...
 This film is scary because you can find yourse...
 The movie is okay, it has it's moments, the mu...
 I remember when I first saw this short, I was ...
 Crude, some times crass - to me that's the sum...
 This video has heartfelt memories. It has a gr...
 I will never forget the utterly absorbing effe...
 I've always thought that Cinderella II was the...
 Being that I am a true product of the hip-hop ...
 Yet another "gay" film ruined by asinine polit...
 This first part of the BRD Trilogy has more pa...
 I attempted to watch this film without being a...
 Susie Q. is one of those rare, and sweet movie...
 POSSIBLE MINOR SPOILER<br /><br />It's not a t...
 "Show People" is an absolutely delightful sile...
 The C class cast and poorly transitioned scene...
 I knew it wasn't gunna work out between me and...
 Roomies is the story of a guy who loses everyt...
 This is one of those movies that are very unde...
 Personally I would advise people to stay clear...
 For the people who have compared this TRASH to...
 Billed as a romantic comedy set against the ea...
 I'm so sorry, but I have to tell this film was...
 Rather annoying that reviewers keep comparing ...
 "Black Water" is a movie that in a way surpris...
 The National Gallery of Art showed the long-th...
 Recent years have seen a number of biopics of ...
 Riding Giants is a brilliant documentary that ...
 The people who bash this movie were looking fo...
 ELEPHANT WALK was a thoroughly dull film and I...
 You know I only watched 15 minutes of this fil...
 I kinda liked the film despite it's frenzied p...
 I've only seen about a half dozen films starri...
 Less Than Zero could have been the 80s movie t...
 A hilarious Action comedy in which Damian Szif...
 This is my favourite Columbo. Martin Landau (e...
 Sometimes laughter in the middle of a horror f...
 There is a complete copy now available at the ...
 Five guys who were in the cub scouts together ...
 One of the best lesser known occult oriented h...
 This movie needs to come out on DVD cause that...
 I settled back to watch "Read My Lips," a plat...
 I really liked this movie. I've read a few of ...
 Excellent comedy starred by Dudley Moore suppo...
 Dracula 3000 is the epitome of painfully chees...
 "Pandemonium" is a horror movie spoof that com...
 This is Classic Disney at its live action cart...
 This is an astonishing film: a romantic thrill...
 The Honey, I Shrunk the Kids franchise was a h...
 I enjoyed a lot watching this movie. It has a ...
 Unfortunately, many great films on IMDb such a...
 Holly addresses the issue of child sexploitati...
 Try to look for another movie that is such a t...
 If you are viewing this show for the first tim...
 I first saw this movie around 1968 and if I do...
 Hurrah! A space film that doesn't take itself ...
 Put a DVD of this flick in a time capsule, and...
 Weak scripts at times? Yep! Cheesy special eff...
 One of the worst Arnold movies I've seen. Spec...
 This is the worst film I have ever seen, bar n...
 Once you pick your jaw up from off the floor f...
 This movie was highly entertaining. The soundt...
 Without being one of my favorites, this is goo...
 I saw this ages ago when I was younger and cou...
 1) If you want to make a movie that deals with...
 *Could contain spoilers, read only after seein...
 Given that this movie was put together in less...
 A great addition to anyone's collection.<br />...
 Every time I by pass this show on TV, I absolu...
 I'm not sure how I missed this one when it fir...
 I'm guessing the writers have never read a boo...
 One of the movies i just DIDN'T want to see. I...
 this western/musical/comedy is not one of the ...
 Renny Harlin's first American film was one of ...
 I first saw this movie back in the early '90's...
 Richard Pryor's early 80s running down the str...
 Ah yez, the Sci Fi Channel produces Yeti anoth...
 In a way, Corridors of Time is a success story...
 Does exactly what you expect, and then some. T...
 Time does extraordinary things. It's the ultim...
 Jonathan Demme is such a character-oriented di...
 Pierce Brosnan the newest but no longer James ...
 A terrible storyline (Amis at his worst), poin...
 I remember seeing this movie for the first tim...
 Part II or formerly known as GUERILLA, is also...
 This film is really terrible. terrible as in i...
 Farley and Spade's best work ever. It's one of...
 Marco Poloni (Costas Mandylor) was born into a...
 When i found out there was a Christmas Vacatio...
 There were so many reasons why this movie coul...
 Peter O'Toole is a treat to watch in roles whe...
 Chris Ricci sleepwalks her way through most of...
 I think Micheal Ironsides acting career must b...
 "The Thomas Crown Affair" is a terrible remake...
 Racing enthusiast Fabian (as Tommy Callahan) s...
 One of THE comedies of the 1970's. Also has th...
 Michael Williams, who works for BBC, finds a s...
 I have seen this movie last week during the Be...
 A film that can make you shed tears of sadness...
 This has got to be one of the weakest plots in...
 Portrays the day to day stark reality of survi...
 We've all been there, sitting with some friend...
 Stephen King was raised on flicks like this. -...
 Great softcore sex, revealing and sexy, and pl...
 First off, I'm a huge fan of 80s movies, and o...
 This is an EXCELLENT example of early Bette Da...
 The title tells it all -- Ed Gein, the butcher...
 I watched the first 10 minutes and it bored me...
 i bought this rental return for $1.99 at holly...
 Anyone who could find redeeming value in this ...
 Having been a Godzilla fan for many years, Gam...
 In 2054 Paris, Avalon, a computer generated sy...
 This was one of the most boring "horror" movie...
 The only reason I even watched this was becaus...
 Just saw this film and I must say that althoug...
 A famous show master enters the elevator with ...
 I saw this film a while back and it's still at...
 I missed the full four hour version when it wa...
 Four lovely young nurses in their last year of...
 1993 was the year. This was long before Philli...
 Deanna Durbin, then 14 and just under contract...
 On their way to a country house to hear a new ...
 This is just typical Bruce Willis, action movi...
 I do love B- horror films. I however, am gener...
 I will repeat - what a stupid scenario.<br /><...
 Certainly not a great show, but better than mo...
 i still can't belive that starevich made this ...
 Ohhh man! Now this is what I'm talking about! ...
 With an opening segment that imitates the musi...
 This film has all the size and grandeur of man...
 To those of you who've made comments on this f...
 ...there was "Broadcast News," and what a good...
 The movie is not as funny as the director's pr...
 Maaan, where do i start with this god awful mo...
 I really didn't like this film~!!!! it was bor...
 I think this is almost all I need to say. I fe...
 It would be great if a discussion on this medi...
 This film is so bad and gets worse in every im...
 An MTV-style film crew consisting of American ...
 I didn't give this movie a perfect score in or...
 i love watching the Jericho mile. i mean watch...
 Critics claim that this film is one of the wor...
 My mistake for thinking this was a serious war...
 This was a truly insipid film. The performance...
 This was no Trainspotting or Guy Ritchie film....
 Between 1937 and 1939, Twentieth Century-Fox m...
 Saw a trailer for this on another video, and d...
 Wow-this one sucks. I'm gonna sum it up as qui...
 The story and the show were good, but it was r...
 The original with Barbara Stanwyk is saved onl...
 I usually don't comment anything (i read the o...
 Like I said at the top, four stars just aren't...
 What a waste of energy and money. What a waste...
 1st watched 2/9/2008, 4 out of 10(Dir-J.S. Car...
 Running Man isn't a great movie, in fact it's ...
 I saw "Rachel's Attic," thinking that I would ...
 When I watched this film the first time, it wa...
 Young Erendira and her tyrranical Grandmother ...
 These days, you rarely come by a kid's show th...
 The movie starts with a nice song Looks like a...
 "Crush" examines female friendship, for the mo...
 Anthony Minghela's (writer/director) Cold Moun...
 It is difficult to rate a writer/director's fi...
 Pity the poor reviewer who disliked / didn't u...
 Jeff Garlin's film is filled with heart and la...
 OK, OK, don't get bent out of round. I was kid...
 I've never found Charley Chase very funny, eve...
 The "House of Dracula" really has nothing new ...
 This is a terrible film. Angie Dickenson is a ...
 Not as well known as the English, American, Ge...
 A cannibalistic backwoods killer is on the pro...
 If you are home on a weekend, very bored and l...
 More of a mystery movie with some gratuitous h...
 I would like to start by saying I can only hop...
 Somewhere on IMDb there is a discussion about ...
 I was totally impressed by Shelley Adrienne's ...
 Low budget, mostly no name actors. . . this is...
 This movie could had been an interesting chara...
 This movie was way too slow and predictable.I ...
 Since THE MAGUS is a confusing puzzle that rea...
 Ernest Borgnine was so wasted in this movie.Th...
 Yes, let's get this out of the way before we b...
 (spoilers)The one truly memorable part of this...
 WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS (Not that you shoul...
 I tried to watch this movie three separate tim...
 The problem with "The Killer Elite" is that ju...
 What a stunning episode for this fine series. ...
 Mixing small town sheriffs, high-school studen...
 JUST CAUSE showcases Sean Connery as a Harvard...
 I watched this film in shire joy.<br /><br />T...
 Though the pieces are uneven this collection o...
 This is one of the best sequels around and a v...
 Todd Rohal is a mad genius. "Knuckleface Jones...
 An excellent film depicting the cross currents...
 In The Book of Life, Martin Donovan plays Jesu...
 For all its visual delights, how much better R...
 This is the latest Ghibli movie and it is also...
 Unbelievably disappointed. The pace was slow. ...
 Spike lee has to be one of the most over rated...
 Mr. Mike was probably the most misanthropic co...
 Anyone who does not find this movie funny, doe...
 "Subspecies," like many other horror films, ge...
 I speak badly of G.I.J.:T.M. mostly because I ...
 This movie was poorly written, poorly acted an...
 I came into this movie really wanting to line ...
 Well, I can once and for all put an end to the...
 hey community! my question is about the song, ...
 I'd have to agree with the previous reviewer: ...
 One of the greatest film I have seen this year...
 This, despite not being the original - it bega...
 I haven't laughed so much in a theater in year...
 A warm, sweet and remarkably charming film abo...
 I saw this recent Woody Allen film because I'm...
 In the trivia section for Pet Sematary, it men...
 **SPOILERS** Beautifully photographed slice of...
 Some films are just plain silly beyond explana...
 Ever wanted to eat worms? Here's a 'documentar...
 I've waited 9 years to watch this film, simply...
 This is not my favorite WIP ("Women in Prison"...
 Not only is this a very interesting exploratio...
 As an earlier reviewer said, Travolta stole ev...
 I really liked this movie I saw the original c...
 I sat down to watch "Midnight Cowboy" thinking...
 AntiTrust could have been a great vehicle for ...
 Reading some of the other comments, I must agr...
 Contrary to my principles, let me first come u...
 To me this was Colin Farrells best movie evr! ...
 You ever sit through a movie and after it's al...
 While I watched this movie, I tried to figure ...
 Saw this movie when it came out in 1959, left ...
 I was supposed to review this for a website, a...
 Greetings again from the darkness. What a reli...
 This woman is a terrible comedian. She can't c...
 The Frogs Who Wanted a King or Frogland is Lad...
 Batman Returns is to be considered quality whe...
 An old high school teacher of mine used to bra...
 I first saw this film when released in 1980. F...
 My house mate and I foolishly purchased the vi...
 Its obvious ESPN drools whenever Knight is in ...
 For all of you that don't speak swedish: The s...
 I am seldom motivated to write a review unless...
 I very nearly did not see 'Hi-De-Hi!'. I think...
 Why a good actress like Elizabeth Berkley star...
 I saw this series on PBS in 1980 in college an...
 This movie starts really good.<br /><br />Afte...
 with two old friends.<br /><br />I've always e...
 ........and an extremely bad one at that!!! Ho...
 Something surprised me about this movie - it w...
 I first saw this on Demand. Or on TV. I'm not ...
 It must be said that the director of The Cell,...
 Turkish culture is complete with lots of diffe...
 I saw this movie over 20 years ago and had rat...
 The first time I saw a commercial for this sho...
 OK, now at first i thought this was going to b...
 This is a very funny movie. There is a self de...
 The movie is pretty funny and involving for ab...
 If You can watch a film without worrying about...
 <br /><br />The first thing I have to say is t...
 Purportedly this is the final film of the Left...
 Synopsis: the sequel to the acclaimed Silence ...
 Cheaply-made, poorly acted, and unimaginativel...
 Although little more than a pleasant 11-minute...
 This film may seem dated today, but remember t...
 If you have seen the Telugu version of Gilli "...
 I first saw this movie at a premiere-party in ...
 Michael Sheen shines like the afternoon sun in...
 The minutiae of what's involved in carrying ou...
 As a fan of author Gipharts lightheaded and hu...
 The main reason people still care about "Carlt...
 Vincente Minnelli directed some of the most ce...
 The funky, yet strictly second-tier British gl...
 This isn't a movie. It is a collection of unre...
 This is quite possibly the worst film I have e...
 This movie is one of the poorest adaptations o...
 Great acting, great production values, good di...
 This is probably one of the worst movies I hav...
 I liked the quiet noir of the first part, the ...
 Tony Arzenta, a Sicilian hit-man or profession...
 Audiard made here a very interesting movie. It...
 Someone actually gave this movie 2 stars. Ther...
 The highlight of this movie for me was without...
 When dirty dancing was on TV in the middle of ...
 I really thoroughly enjoyed this movie. For on...
 River's Edge is an excellent film and it's a s...
 This film plays really well with an audience. ...
 First off, this movie leaves you in a limbo mo...
 I love this movie and all aspects of it, well ...
 quite good, don't expect anything high culture...
 The movie starts out with its most intelligent...
 Yeah. Pretty sure I saw this movie years ago w...
 Peter O'Toole, one of our finest actors, is ma...
 A few months ago, I was involved in a debate w...
 This movie "Joshua" is extremely disturbing, a...
 This installment of Masters of Horror was terr...
 I was shocked at how bad it was and unable to ...
 I get the feeling that Lisa Krueger is easy to...
 This movie is excellent in how it portrays the...
 I think that the movie was kind of weird. In t...
 I have only praise for this film. From start t...
 This is probably one of the worst movies I hav...
 Why me? Why should I be subjected to such slau...
 Nice movie. At the begining, i thought it's a ...
 Ever sense i was a kid i have loved this movie...
 What the hell of a D-Movie was that? Bad actin...
 Therefore it is important to talk about the DV...
 Based on the true story of the FBIs hunt for t...
 Truly flatulent script, and I was very disappo...
 OK, the box looks promising. Whoopi Goldberg s...
 I'm not a big fan of rom/coms at the best of t...
 This movie is a should-be classic. It's not pe...
 Anatomie (Anatomy) is an entertaining and enga...
 "The Color Purple", is truly amazing. There is...
 honestly, if anyone has a brain, there's not 1...
 Overall, the movie "Heart of Darkness" was pit...
 Generically speaking, Fay Grim is a highly ent...
 I found this movie to be charming. I thought t...
 Bela Lugosi as creepy insane scientist who use...
 Excellent P.O.W. adventure, adapted by Eric Wi...
 This is a very amazing movie! The characters s...
 I'm surprised over the number of folks that ha...
 An absolutely atrocious adaptation of the wond...
 I just finished watching this movie and largel...
 This movie was so bad and so cheap and so corn...
 Titanic is a classic. I was really surprised t...
 I saw this movie in its brief run in "art hous...
 I should have never watched this movie. The st...
 This is one of the bleakest, the most harrowin...
 *spoiler* *spoilers* *spoilers* I found the fi...
 CCCC is the first good film in Bollywood of 20...
 The US appear to run the UK police who all run...
 Perhaps, we are too much attached to great spe...
 There comes a time in every big name actor's c...
 This movie makes no sense at all, there are pl...
 Gundam Wing is an amazing show from start to f...
 This is a wonderful new crime series, bringing...
 i found this movie to be a complete waste of 9...
 Comedies often have the unfortunate reputation...
 This film is bad, yes, but had the producers u...
 I loved The Real Mc Coys (1957-1963) It is too...
 Morris and Reva Applebaum had been the toast o...
 Oh my god, what a horrible film. The film has ...
 While there aren't any talking animals, big la...
 "Sharky's Machine" is clearly a Burt Reynolds ...
 This movie was bad and the movies about how so...
 I could never imagine I would start loving mov...
 how many minutes does it take to paint a poem?...
 If you would like to see a film of different k...
 Mild Spoilers<br /><br />....and that's 'top t...
 Blue monkey is actually mentioned in the film ...
 I have to admit, before i watched this film i ...
 I never intended to see Venom, but I caught it...
 VERY dull, obvious, tedious Exorcist rip-off f...
 Wow. I thought, Eskimo Limon was the most awfu...
 This feels like a feature-lenght treatment of ...
 If I had not read Pat Barker's 'Union Street' ...
 This is Lucio Fulci at his best. If only all t...
 "Mechenosets" is one of the most beautiful rom...
 "Hollywood North" is an euphemism from the mov...
 This is possibly one of the worst movies I hav...
 All the characters in this cartoon were hilari...
 Frankly I'm rather incensed that on the basis ...
 I never saw Doctor Who before (at least not in...
 The Invisible Ray is an excellent display of b...
 After having watched Darwin's Nightmare, one m...
 George Zucco was like Boris Karloff in the fac...
 A very engaging, intelligent, and well-made fi...
 demonicus rocked, you guys need to understand ...
 What would happened when a depressed cop works...
 I only rented this movie because of promises o...
 Never even knew this movie existed until I fou...
 Rented 3 bad movies to watch with my friends i...
 dark angel rocks! the best show i have seen in...
 TV movie about an ancient Egyptian curse broug...
 This movie follows in the tracks of The Riddle...
 Glenn Ford is hired by a crooked bank owner an...
 First of all I'd like to start by saying it's ...
 Something strange is happening in remote areas...
 the film looks like as if the director was for...
 The first 30min of the flick was choppy and ha...
 I saw this when I was 17 and haven't seen it s...
 NYC model Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) rent...
 DeNiro is a master...one of my favourites. And...
 I am a fan of the previous Best of the Best fi...
 I caught this filmshow about the most unlikely...
 Sometimes it is funny to watch films implode f...
 This movie is horrendous. Decent fight scenes ...
 God, that sucked. You can't end a horror movie...
 Stephen King TV movies can go 5 or 6 parts and...
 I had read online reviews praising this obscur...
 This movie could have been so much better with...
 Alfred Hitchcock shows originality in the rema...
 Though not seen in too many films prior, you h...
 A THIEF IN THE NIGHT is an excellent fictional...
 Olivia D'Abo in a wet T-shirt is the only thin...
 The Merchant of Four Seasons isn't what I woul...
 Cheech & Chong's Next Movie (1980) was the sec...
 There's not a drop of sunshine in "The Sunshin...
 I am not sure who is having more fun, the peop...
 This is one of those landmark films which need...
 The 60s (1999) D: Mark Piznarski. Josh Hamilto...
 Cheesy 80's horror co-starring genre favs Ken ...
 After reading previews for this movie I though...
 OK, it's a piece of historical film making tha...
 There be very little doubt that HG Wells is th...
 Old People Show???? I'm 15 and have been watch...
 Has some really good music and performances; K...
 Despite the lack of logic present in the story...
 If you were brought up on a diet of gameshows ...
 I have just finished watching this film and I ...
 I decided I need to lengthen up my review for ...
 If you wondered whether Disney could broadcast...
 An insane assault on viewers senses. This is a...
 I watched this film recently for the first tim...
 When Jean seduces the young gardener for the s...
 Inappropriate. The PG rating that this movie g...
 This is one of the best films I've seen in the...
 bottom at its absolute highest perfection. who...
 Yes! this movie was just bad in every way in t...
 I don't think anyone besides Terrence Malick a...
 I was actually satisfied when i played this ga...
 I first watched this film when I was a kid and...
 The person who wrote the review "enough with t...
 I must say I thought the show Greek would be r...
 This B&W film reached the spartan movie house ...
 It came before "the ten commandments" "land of...
 The Turner Classic Movie Channel has spent the...
 There are so many logical errors in this show ...
 A western through and through. As the title ch...
 Most of this political thriller presented as a...
 Ru Paul plays a secret agent called Starrbooty...
 Interesting characters, lots of tension. As cl...
 This should have been a short film, nothing mo...
 My spoiler is in my pants because thinking abo...
 I guess when people say this is beautifully fi...
 The recent boom of dating show on U. S. televi...
 Aim For The Top! Gunbuster is one of those ani...
 First off, I'd like to say that the user comme...
 I think a lot of people just wrote this off as...
 Fulci is one of my all time favorite Italian s...
 I say sadly because if you see this movie now,...
 This film is hilarious, original, & beautifull...
 I watched this on the movies with my girlfrien...
 Passion In The Desert exemplifies spatial gran...
 I won't lie, I rented this film because it was...
 Without a doubt, Private Lessons II is the gre...
 There's about 25 years worth of inspiration pa...
 The other day I showed my boyfriend a great mo...
 This is speculation. This movie could of inspi...
 If anyone thinks this is a great sports movie ...
 I found this movie to be a big disappointment,...
 had some lovely poetic bits but is really just...
 "Panic" is a captivating, blurred-genre film a...
 I've seen Jimmy Stewart in all the regular rol...
 What's in a name? If the name is Jerry Bruckhe...
 From the director of Oldboy comes this slick v...
 John Cassavetes' 1977 film Opening Night is, w...
 the fact that the movie is predictable is not ...
 For a film about a killer this is surprisingly...
 I would just like to say that The Cure was a f...
 Chapter One: Once Upon a Time At A Table (194...
 I won't bore you with any synopsis, chances ar...
 The funniest scene of this movie is probably w...
 I can find very little thats good to say about...
 I don't usually watch Hollywood dribble, but I...
 This film is one of the historically most accu...
 Thomas Edison had no other reason to make this...
 Bela made 9 pics for Monogram, but it was only...
 I remember being so excited on Saturday nights...
 I thoroughly enjoyed this film when it was fir...
 This was a very nice soft-core movie for both ...
 Sleeper Cell is what 24 should have been. 24 i...
 "The Great Dictator" is, arguably, one of Char...
 Recently I was looking for the newly issued Wi...
 Wynorski films are always excreble. This is ju...
 OK, this has got 2 be one of the worst excuses...
 The most worthless film of the decade. The res...
 I was born in 1982. Most of my childhood memor...
 Avoid this one, unless you want to watch an ex...
 Now I'm a big animation fan -- love Svankmeyer...
 Now I do understand that this film was not mea...
 Lipstick is another glossy movie failure.I am ...
 This is a lovely, spirit-restoring movie. From...
 Could not understand why Jeremy Irons felt it ...
 This is a story of the Winchester Rifle Model ...
 What a bad, bad movie! I tried watching withou...
 The third and last film of this trilogy is fin...
 A meteorite falls in the country of a small to...
 What's the most violent movie of all time? Ram...
 I was given the solo "Summertime" in 5th grade...
 Why would any legitimate actor having read the...
 This movie gives you more of an idiea how Aust...
 The ship may have sunk but the movie didn't!!!...
 Or vice-versa.<br /><br />This is a French fil...
 I've enjoyed watching Lost from the beginning ...
 I loved the first Grudge, I watched it in an e...
 Caution: May contain spoilers...<br /><br />I'...
 (Spoilers) "Cash Crop" goes something like thi...
 SPOILERS. Strange people with generous tastes ...
 (Warning: Some spoilers ahead.)<br /><br />Wha...
 After having red the overwhelming reviews this...
 One of the worst things a film studio can do i...
 Zoey 101 is such a stupid show. I don't know i...
 I just saw this film at the 2001 Toronto inter...
 I watched this movie tonight and I do need to ...
 This has got to be the most appalling abuse of...
 What we have here is a classic case of TOO muc...
 "Two Hands" is a good addition to the Australi...
 Instead of writing a paragraph, I'll give four...
 I am a big Gone With The Wind nut but I was di...
 Acting, of course! Think about it, Closet Land...
 "Murder Over New York" is fun, but not as good...
 This U.S soap opera, 'Knots Landing' has all t...
 Some time ago, we read of the results of a pol...
 no, this is not supposed to be a high budget b...
 We open in a doctors room of some sort. A girl...
 This could well be the worst film I've ever se...
 There is only one thing essential to thorough ...
 It's a bad, very bad movie.<br /><br />Well, f...
 It's a long time ago I saw this movie and stil...
 I just took my 11 year old daughter and 8 year...
 This film makes a strong comment about the Ita...
 Odd but wonderfully original movie. Genuinely ...
 This is yet another bad movie that you should ...
 This is one powerful film. The first time I sa...
 I acquired this, one of my all-time favourite ...
 What an excellent movie, made even more so by ...
 The Japanese cyber-punk films have never reall...
 It may not be Oscar material, however this was...
 This movie stars Emily Watson, of Breaking the...
 What can I say...not much to this one at all. ...
 Yet another forgettable Warners foreign intrig...
 Chicago reporter Frank Quinlan decided to go t...
 ONE GOOD THING: This hidden treasure of a crim...
 I've seen this film because I had do (my job i...
 For me, North and South (Books I&II) is the ul...
 This is one of the most beautiful films I have...
 Though I can't claim to be a comic book fanati...
 I'm not sure where to start with this. In shor...
 I've always been fascinated by ninjistsu, who ...
 It was surprising that a silent film could be ...
 Very outdated film with awful, cliché-ridden a...
 Ah, the sex-and-gore movie. It's too bad they ...
 To be honest, I thought this movie would be a ...
 i'm ask... what a f*** are whit the real-TV ne...
 Now, let me see if I have this correct, a luna...
 the only word i can think of to describe this ...
 I was really geared up to watch when two of be...
 I recalled watching this program as a young bo...
 I haven't watched the movie yet, but can't wai...
 Bwana Devil is reputedly the first major studi...
 After a lively if predictable opening bank-hei...
 Wow, what exciting visual effects. I also love...
 This is one of my most favorite movies of all ...
 I was browsing through the movies on demand an...
 It is a story as old as man. The jealousy for ...
 Where do we start with an offering like this? ...
 To grasp where this 1976 version of A STAR IS ...
 how can a director that makes such great films...
 Brian Dennehy, Bill Paxton, Joe Pantalino and,...
 The thought of Sarah Silverman having her own ...
 Free Willzyx (Stupidest name/title ever) is th...
 This is full of major spoilers, so beware.<br ...
 I would list this film under the horror film g...
 Payback is the game being played in this drama...
 I remember seeing the very first trailer for U...
 Although I use this site quite frequently to s...
 The movie is nice Well pictured, but no origin...
 i was disappointed. the film was a bit predict...
 if you're a sucker for corny movies and are lo...
 Branagh and Fishburne deliver excellent perfor...
 This movie is very scary with scenes where the...
 This film was amazing. It is an inspiring piec...
 Stanley Kramer directs an action thriller and ...
 There are moments in this unique cartoon of pu...
 I thought this movie was going to be a disgrac...
 Man this thing bites! I am sorry I ever sat do...
 Ewww! A Disney sequel that is rubbish! Who wou...
 Going to need to take a deep breath for this o...
 This spectacular film is one of the most amazi...
 I gave Timecop a perfect 10, I gave this 1<br ...
 And I mean ultra light. This film features fou...
 I couldn't believe this was the same director ...
 Is this the "worse" Star Trek TOS episode? May...
 I watched this movie, or part of it, in hope t...
 I rented this on DVD and I kind of feel bad si...
 Henri Verneuil represented the commercial cine...
 THE JIST: See something else.<br /><br />This ...
 I really liked the idea of traveling between d...
 Ah, noir. My favourite genre. Otto Preminger's...
 One of the Message Boards threads at IMDb had ...
 This is another Alien imitation and not a very...
 I just don't get these reviews! I can't help t...
 *Warning: 1 tiny inconsequential spoiler* You'...
 Ok, first the good: Cher's performance and the...
 Imagine that in adapting a James Bond novel in...
 wow! this is a good movie! The acting wasn't g...
 I think James Cameron might be becoming my fav...
 After being a big fan of the ten minute T.V ep...
 Jenny Neumann (from the sexploitation flick MI...
 For those of you unfamiliar with Alisdair Sims...
 This movie had a very convoluted plot and very...
 The movie, which was directed by Alfred Hitchc...
 Paul Telfer, who plays Hercules in this TV fil...
 Imagine spending the summer without your famil...
 The trailer is so deceiving... I thought this ...
 ...from this awful movie! There are so many th...
 Oh boy, oh boy. This movie is something for th...
 Ostensibly this is a Z-grade DTV horror film.<...
 This is the kind of movie Hollywood needs to m...
 All internet buzz aside, this movie was god aw...
 Korine's established himself, by now, as a tal...
 People love the original story for its ending....
 Basically an endearingly chintzy and moronic $...
 Any child old enough to sit up in front of a s...
 Honestly, I have to admit that I go and see ce...
 So I turned on HBO which I just got thinking t...
 Ah the Outer Limits. I love that show. It was ...
 The quality you're likely to remember after vi...
 This marvelous short will hit home with everyo...
 Rich, alcoholic Robert Stack falls in love wit...
 In an era of such awful cartoons, I am rather ...
 Well, at least this was the last sequel that I...
 Oh my God... where to begin? "Chupacabra Terro...
 This movie is extremely boring, it tells a sto...
 so halfway through the season, i got so caught...
 radio is possibly one of the best films i have...
 A poorly written script with no likeable chara...
 As the maker of "This Darkness," I admit we ne...
 John Candy was very much a hit-or-miss comic a...
 The beautiful, charming, supremely versatile a...
 Sudden Impact is the 4th of the Dirty Harry fi...
 Hrm-I think that line was from the old movie p...
 I sat through this movie expecting a thought-p...
 On the 1998 summer blockbuster hit BASEketball...
 The Vindicator opens with the memorable scene ...
 This Is one of those classic American made for...
 New York I Love You is full of love and power....
 The fact that the movie is based on a true sto...
 In Truffaut book-length interview with Hitchco...
 Having grown up with GWTW, I shunned both the ...
 I would like to thank you for giving me a chan...
 After his career as a romantic leading man end...
 Thank God I didn't buy this movie myself! I bo...
 Sly's best out and out action film. It is a su...
 With a title "borrowed" from Werner Herzog and...
 The fully rounded character of the principal r...
 I recently stumbled across this film on TNT fi...
 Outstanding performance by Tantoo Cardinal. Sh...
 No likeable characters (the lead is a combinat...
 Especially if you love horrible movies. When I...
 Love trap is a "must see" independent film. Wh...
 Life in some future fascist or near fascist st...
 This is a film that in no way reflects the rea...
 Well, I'll be honest: It is not exactly a Shol...
 I am a fairly big fan of most of the films tha...
 I'm very disappointed. First of all, the Germa...
 Oh yeah, this one is definitely a strong conte...
 Paris, je t'aime (2006) is a film made up of 1...
 In my personal opinion - «The Patriot» is one ...
 I love how everyone treats this show like it w...
 I saw this in a sneak two days before the offi...
 George Sluizer's remake of his own - superior ...
 This is possibly the single worst film i have ...
 What can i say about a tale such as this? This...
 I really didn't have high expectations and I m...
 When you have a disembodied skull, an empty ma...
 The Lady From Shanghai is weird even by the st...
 There were but two reasons for me to see this ...
 To make a good movie you either need excellent...
 From reading all of the comments posted here o...
 As social satire, Idiocracy is just as good as...
 Fata Morgana is an absolute masterpiece. It's ...
 Pyare Mohan can be safely included in the blac...
 By no means is this movie as bad as 'Perfect S...
 They used footage of some real protest spliced...
 There is this private campground in Plymouth, ...
 What are the movies? I mean.. what are movies ...
 If you enjoyed films like Pulp Fiction, Reserv...
 i taped this as a teenager in the mid 80s base...
 I always thought the Batman Returns was a grea...
 One of the best movies I ever saw was an Irish...
 I was pleasantly pleased with the ending. I ju...
 I don't know what the rest of you guys watch S...
 This is one of nine shorts on the anime disk, ...
 I've never been to Paris, but after seeing "Pa...
 This is one of my favorite movies. The perform...
 This is without doubt the most exciting and sa...
 This ludicrous and inept film is certainly the...
 Made the unfortunate mistake of seeing this fi...
 Now I've always been a fan of Full Moon's pupp...
 I love this film (dont know why it is called P...
 Personally, I have no problem with the acting,...
 How would you feel if you had only a few weeks...
 I'm a fan of the 1950's original and about 20 ...
 A great British Indy movie! Fantastic chemistr...
 Oh dear Gods, this is awful. Stay away, just s...
 'Gross Misconduct' was one of a series of text...
 This film deals with two ex-football players w...
 When I refer to Malice as a film noir I am not...
 I feel like I have some uber-rare disease that...
 The Motion Picture Association of America has ...
 I just wanna say that amongst all the so-calle...
 This documentary is a reenactment of the last ...
 Well, this stripped my nerves raw, they got th...
 I'm feeling a little protective of this film b...
 Creepy facemasks and slasher movies have gone ...
 I saw most of the episodes of RMFTM as a teena...
 Wow, this movie is bad. Think "Flashdance" wit...
 I saw this in the summer of 1990. I'm still an...
 Rajkumar Santoshi tries his hands at comedy an...
 I went into this movie hoping for the best. I ...
 "Envy" is bad for a number of reasons. Yes, th...
 As other reviews have said, another of the cou...
 I AM NOT LYNNE BATES MY NAMES IS RITICHIE BUT ...
 Johnny Dangerously falls completely in the hit...
 This film is overblown, predictable, pretentio...
 Peter Sellers plays Dick Scratcher (ha,ha), a ...
 <br /><br />JURASSIC PARK III *___ Adventure <...
 Hello all! I went to this movie without any ex...
 The plot involves a new, hipper franchise barb...
 Oh man, I know what your thinking: "With a tit...
 I'm going to go on the record as the second pe...
 This movie starts out with a certain amount of...
 Never I have seen a movie so terrible that i'v...
 Soul's Midnight stars Armande Assante (Simon) ...
 Audio:<br /><br />Seriously I've never seen a ...
 This film is to my mind the weakest film in th...
 A wonderful story that should be seen by all f...
 Roeg's take on Conrad's "Heart of Darkness" wa...
 As a person who sought out an existence as a '...
 An assassination thriller in the mould of Day ...
 Okay so I went into this movie not really expe...
 Ok. I'll admit it. I'm a huge fan of b-movies....
 Page 3 is most definitely a very enthralling a...
 Contains Spoilers<br /><br />Luchino Visconti'...
 This movie is about a female rape victim/comic...
 Before seeing this picture I was quite skeptic...
 Go, Igor, go, you are the proof that Slovenian...
 Well I just gave away 95 minutes and 47 second...
 Easily the greatest low budget horror film of ...
 This movie is very disappointing for one who h...
 Alan Curtis has a loud, violent sounding argum...
 -So the weak excuse for a story in the generic...
 This is based on Michael's life from 1983/4 ti...
 So you think a talking parrot is not your cup ...
 78 years ago...the premiere of "Anna Christie"...
 It is quite simple. Friends is a comedy of ver...
 Well I'd have to say that I do own this film a...
 This movie is certainly one of the greatest fi...
 Basically, this was obviously designed to be p...
 Devil Hunter gained notoriety for the fact tha...
 <br /><br />In 1970, after a five year absence...
 Harmony Korine. I'm not sure what he was tryin...
 I picked this movie up because it sounded like...
 A wonderful film, filled with great understate...
 I just saw this movie for the second time. I f...
 Forget any angst-ridden documentary! This film...
 Darr is an brilliant movie..It is 1 of my favo...
 Falsely accused, skirt-chasing chums John Wayn...
 If you didn't know better, you would believe t...
 I caught this a few times on TV in the late 19...
 A bland title disguises this solidly-carpenter...
 T.Z. Post, college professor, receives a false...
 I have no read the novel on which "The Kite Ru...
 Thursday June 15, 9:30pm The Egyptian<br /><br...
 I did not like Chandni Bar from the same direc...
 Simon Wests pg-13 thriller about a babysitter ...
 Snake Island is one of those films that, whils...
 The stage star Grace Hayes stars in this obscu...
 I bought the DVD version of this movie on the ...
 Caution-possible spoilers ahead.. Just watche...
 DARK REMAINS is a low budget American horror m...
 Straight to the point: "The Groove Tube" is on...
 This film is excellently paced, you never have...
 From rainy, dreary late winter England of earl...
 Friz Freleng's 'Speedy Gonzalez' was the secon...
 THE GIRL FROM MISSOURI arrives in New York Cit...
 Anemic comedy-drama, an unhappy, seemingly rus...
 Life Pod is one of those movies that you just ...
 This movie was very, very strange and very, ve...
 MPAA:Rated R for Violence,Language,Nudity and ...
 My overall feeling about this film is that it ...
 Most horror movies are in fact horrible movies...
 A true anomaly in the French cinema ,this desp...
 I am a big fan of this film and found the TV m...
 This movie awed me so much that I watch it at ...
 For a film that got little publicity, and few ...
 All those that identify this as a simple rip-o...
 'Holes' was a GREAT movie. Disney made the rig...
 I am working my way through the Chilling Class...
 It is is very sad to see someone of the calibr...
 Sometimes you ignore that little voice in your...
 Carl Panzram lived an amazing life and scribbl...
 Lana Turner proved that she could really dance...
 The series does not start as it means to go on...
 I'll bet I watch this film 4 or 5 times a year...
 I watched 'Speak Easily' one night and thought...
 You have to understand, when Wargames was rele...
 Another go round with the monkey king going we...
 I can laugh at just about anything, but unfort...
 This is a very engrossing BBC-TV mini-series w...
 Wow! All I can say is that if Elizabeth Montgo...
 After a group of young friends experience car ...
 I had some time to kill before watching footba...
 wow is all i could say i really loved the movi...
 This is a Japanese film but there is quite a b...
 People need to give this show a chance. The pe...
 Bravestarr was released in 1987 by the now def...
 Maybe our standards for Vientam movies have in...
 I usually don't consider turning a movie off u...
 This film, recently voted as an audience favor...
 I know I'm in the minority, but...<br /><br />...
 A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away.......
 I don't know why IMDb lists all the Ghoulies f...
 This movie is another horror anthology. It is ...
 Very sweet pilot. The show reeks of Tim Burton...
 Following a roughly 7 year rocky road on NBC, ...
 Its a spoof, its an intelligent comedy, it has...
 that kid a is such a babe; this movie was no T...
 The only reason I watched this film was becaus...
 This is a hard film to rate. While it truly de...
 I rented this on DVD yesterday and did not rea...
 One of the genres that flourished during the d...
 As the above suggests, I was ultimately unimpr...
 Awful. This thriller should have buried. What ...
 I can't believe that Steven Segal's career has...
 The banter and humorous rescue scene help to m...
 Be warned: Neither Zeta-Jones nor McGregor pla...
 I had fun watching this movie, mainly due to S...
 I'm really surprised this movie didn't get a h...
 Jacqueline Susann wrote several novels all inv...
 As much as I love the story of David Copperfie...
 In print this is one of the greatest short sto...
 This is another Universal fun filled fright fe...
 Psycho criminal pure by Carl Schenkel, who is ...
 First off just let me say that I live in South...
 I'm from Ireland and I thought this film had t...
 This movie is about a group of four friends wh...
 This film got terrible reviews but because it ...
 what can i say?, ms Erika Eleniak is my favori...
 This is my favorite Hal Hartley movie. All his...
 This is a very sad movie. Really. Nothing happ...
 <br /><br />The movie starts out as an ordinar...
 Okay, so writer/director Larry Bishop obviousl...
 If there is a hell, it contains a screening ro...
 Set during WWII, Bedknobs and Broomsticks is a...
 I love movies...and rarely do I see a movie th...
 I honestly don't understand how tripe like thi...
 The Net is a movie I never saw upon release, I...
 The opening sequence is supposed to show the L...
 Take a pinch of GOODFELLAS, mix it with THE GO...
 Nothing but the void, a pleasant one for those...
 This movie was so bad I don't know whether to ...
 This is one of my favorite Govinda movies of a...
 I am not a movie maker but I know it is hard t...
 The writer came up with a pretty decent idea f...
 Harrowing series about life in Oz--an experime...
 I saw this movie late at night on a free-to-ai...
 I was completely drawn into the story, but I w...
 the movie is simply horrible (2/10). Although ...
 The 3-D featured in "The Man Who Wasn't There"...
 Dr. Paul Flanner (Richard Gere), a successful ...
 18 directors had the same task: tell stories o...
 Possible SPOILERS: Not Sure<br /><br />While w...
 <br /><br />The main question I pose concernin...
 The script is so so laughable... this in turn,...
 I got this movie with my BBC "Jane Austen Coll...
 This is the prime example of low budget, winni...
 Dressed to Kill starts off with Kate Miller (A...
 This movie looked fun on the cover and I hones...
 It doesn't surprise me that the makers of this...
 This story of the troubles caused by an over-p...
 Mario Van Peebles tries to go the Jean-Claude ...
 I have to admit that Tsui Hark is one of a kin...
 "At the Earth's Core" was on television yester...
 My God, was this the "Run, Lola, Run" adaptati...
 This movie is an evolutionary piece - from Ter...
 THE FALCON AND THE SNOWMAN is a superb example...
 Jason Alexander is a wonderful actor, but it's...
 Protégé runs in a linear fashion; expect no fa...
 This is a excellent start to the film career o...
 Recap: Doctor Markov has developed a new theor...
 I saw two movies over the weekend, One was "ka...
 Take this movie for what it is, not a remake, ...
 This was one of the lamest movies we watched i...
 I think Phillip Kaufman read the cliff's Notes...
 This is probably one of my favorites so far, a...
 This film is like an allegory of the gospel. I...
 Unlike http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0098238/ th...
 In Lizzie Borden's "Love Crimes" (1992), Sean ...
 This romantic comedy isn't too bad. There are ...
 If Andrei Tarkovsky had been a hack, he would ...
 This is a film about deep and unspoken human r...
 The word in the summary sums it up d'oh ;) Fiv...
 This small, quiet, harmonious movie grows into...
 ***SLIGHT SPOILERS*** This installment of the ...
 SPOILER ALERT.<br /><br />This movie will spoi...
 I was sadly disappointed by this film due to t...
 I'm a horror/gore movie freak and this flick w...
 If there was ever a call to make a bad film th...
 I am so glad when i watch in every time the mo...
 I had neither read any of the books nor seen t...
 Ostensibly, Hans ' isolation and despair are c...
 I first saw this movie on cable about 5 years ...
 As I said in my comment about the first part: ...
 If this movie was made two years earlier it co...
 I just saw this movie on Showtime in the wee h...
 It amazes me that anyone would find Pauly Shor...
 Absolutely corrosive! Director Arthur Hiller a...
 I saw this movie once a long time ago, and I h...
 This is indeed a funny show, done in a creepy ...
 This certainly isn't a comedy - I don't know w...
 "Dressed to Kill" is surely one of the best ho...
 seriously, if i wanted to make a movie that ma...
 I felt Rancid Aluminium was a complete waste o...
 Shot in my former home town by a couple of col...
 French production in which leading film direct...
 Slaughter High starts like any other day at Do...
 This is simply the funniest movie I've seen in...
 Ladies and gentlemen: the show begins with thi...
 I first heard of this one while searching the ...
 this movie really SUCKS, SUCKS REALLY REALLY H...
 This is a cartoon series where most of the act...
 (Spoilers)<br /><br />Oh sure it's based on Mo...
 The opening scene really got me into watching ...
 This film is supposed to be about the frustrat...
 Over the years, I've come to be a fan of direc...
 Star Wars: Episode 4 .<br /><br />the best Sta...
 Before I comment on this movie I just watched ...
 Watching "Cold Mountain" gave me the impressio...
 Do not expect a depiction of the "truth". Howe...
 Brilliant book with wonderful characterization...
 Rachel, Jo, Hannah, Tina, Bradley and John are...
 HORRID!!<br /><br />The special effects make t...
 I must say, every time I see this movie, I am ...
 Although there are a lot of familiar "televisi...
 This show was a pleasant surprise after watchi...
 I watched this movie the night it premiered on...
 Graphics is far from the best part of the game...
 I have a high tolerance level for crap, so I w...
 SERIES THREE- BLACKADDER THE THIRD " If you wa...
 To have to actually own up to making such a ho...
 The first film had little ambition so nothing ...
 THis was a hilarious movie and I would see it ...
 You could tell from the opening shot of the co...
 I have to admit that I am disappointed after s...
 Hollywood will stop at nothing to make money o...
 If The Lion King is a serious story about a yo...
 So me and my friend are carousing our local mo...
 The title overstates the content of this movie...
 This is what happens when you're living in Chi...
 I saw this movie about 5 years ago, and the me...
 I happened across this movie while channel-sur...
 A great performance by Clint Eastwood and part...
 I've given up trying to figure out what versio...
 The line is funnier in England, where, away fr...
 Like the characters in this show, I too was a ...
 From the acting to Cardone's direction, this n...
 The plot of this movie is set against the most...
 My friends and I walked out after 15 minutes, ...
 The movie shows many feelings and emotions tha...
 Valliant effort to use a mining catastrophe as...
 As always, controversial movies like this have...
 Dennis Hopper must've been really hungry to do...
 The story overall, though quite graphic, is ac...
 I think that FARSCAPE is the best scifi since ...
 Ingrid Bergman (Cleo Dulaine) has never been s...
 I just saw this movie. I liked the soundtrack....
 The first time I saw this, I didn't laugh too ...
 This comic book style film is funny, has nicel...
 After the failure of "Hellraiser III: Hell On ...
 Oz, was the first original television show tha...
 The events of September 11 2001 do not need ex...
 Sherlock Holmes (Basil Rathbone) and Professor...
 Susan inadvertently stumbles onto a drug smugg...
 The first time I saw this film in the theatre ...
 Having seen and loved Greg Lombardo's most rec...
 Amazing, Astounding, Brilliant, Superb. Those ...
 After the failure of "The Crusades" at the box...
 A truly terrific, touching film. Female melodr...
 With this movie being the only Dirty Harry mov...
 The first of the Italian rip-offs of the Frenc...
 I was thirteen years old, when I saw this movi...
 Hadn't really heard too much about this movie ...
 This is without doubt my favourite Le Carre no...
 "Footprints (on the Moon") is almost certainly...
 Very possibly one of the funniest movies in th...
 Get ready for it: This is one of my favourite ...
 I remember really liking BATMAN RETURNS when i...
 This film is terrible. I was really looking fo...
 Mr. VanHook took a good idea and kicked like a...
 I waited ages before seeing this as all the re...
 I had only written one review on IMDb prior to...
 If you love the book, as I do, stop watching t...
 An excellent film with great performances from...
 Panic delivers the goods ten fold with Oscar c...
 OK i will admit, it started out very pleasing ...
 I simply never tire of watching FREEBIRD. My h...
 I was very surprised with this film. I was tou...
 Seriously, this film is not. Steve Guttenburg ...
 This had to be one of the most god awful wrest...
 Paris is the place to be to enjoy beautiful ar...
 This series doesn't present the British view o...
 In 1942 a film TALES OF MANHATTAN told a set o...
 OK, we were going along with the stereotypical...
 Two sailors are on leave--ladies man Joseph Br...
 Even as a big fan of the low to no budget horr...
 Joe Don Baker is one of a handful of actors wh...
 This is a VERY good movie. I give it a 10.<br ...
 Alien body-snatchers in the desert. Little blu...
 did anyone notice?when miss brook went skinny ...
 The absolute summum of the oeuvre of that craf...
 As big as a Texas prairie and equally as borin...
 What was the deal with the clothes? They were ...
 Hilarious, laugh out loud moments ... and yet ...
 Here's yet another film from the 80's that mos...
 This is a film that has to be taken in context...
 I saw this movie when I was very young. It is ...
 I love this movie very much i watched it over ...
 Received this DVD from the ACCENT range which ...
 My wife and I rented this movie because some p...
 The horror of this made for TV film was that i...
 Serials were short subjects originally shown i...
 The film picks up after last years remake with...
 If you can make it through this flick without ...
 Little Gus is a ten year old delinquent. He ru...
 Inspired by Hitchcock's STRANGERS ON A TRAIN c...
 Many accuse Rod Steiger of overacting, and any...
 This movie was pathetically awful. The sound w...
 First and foremost, speaking as no fan of the ...
 I've just seen it....for those who don't know ...
 Two years after leaving the small town of Grov...
 The sun was not shining, it was too wet to pla...
 George C. Scott gives his finest and funniest ...
 I'm allowed to write 1000 words about this fil...
 Perhaps I was just in a really good mood when ...
 Watching the first few moments, you realize it...
 "Tales from the Crapper" is gory, disgusting, ...
 <br /><br />to make this short and sweet: i ho...
 In 1454, in France, the sorcerer Alaric de Mar...
 In nineteen eighty two when it was announced t...
 As a devotee of Ms. Frank, I remember being so...
 National Lampoon was once a funny magazine. Wh...
 There's considerable amount of money behind th...
 Someone should tell Goldie Hawn that her caree...
 Boy what a dud this mess was.But it only lasts...
 'In the Line of Fire' is one of those Hollywoo...
 I just bought the DVD and i must say, (after s...
 I was unfamiliar with this film, until I saw i...
 Dresden had great expectations because of its ...
 That's pretty much all I can say about this fl...
 I really should have learned more about this m...
 WONDERBIRD, certainly an unbelievably refined ...
 Zero Day is a film few people have gotten to s...
 Antarctica, winter 1982. The team on an Americ...
 Sometimes when I hear an A-list cast will be b...
 The title sequence shows the credits written o...
 This is a fantastic film. The acting is some o...
 I was kinda surprised by the PG rating on the ...
 "Curacao" is a foreign intrigue drama set on t...
 To me this just comes off as a soap opera. I g...
 This telecast of the classic musical "Sweeney ...
 With a name like "10 Commandments" you would e...
 This movie sucks. It's horrible. If anyone lik...
 This film was made right in the area where I g...
 Brilliant actor as he is, Al Pacino completely...
 Great actors, good filming, a potentially inte...
 The selection of the bloated, boring, and raci...
 The original title always struck me as a rathe...
 Well, I was hoping I'd heard wrong about this ...
 Boring, badly written Italian exploitation fli...
 I suppose that to say this is an all-out terri...
 It's the best movie I've watched this year! Ex...
 I am the sort of person who never, ever watche...
 I've come to realise through watching this sor...
 This is one entertaining flick. I suggest you ...
 The mountainous woods, young happy campers, a ...
 Absolutely nothing happens in this sloooow, an...
 In her autobiography,Laureen Bacall reveals th...
 Calling this film a decent or enjoyable horror...
 The Gun is probably the worst film I've ever s...
 I can't really condemn the movie because it do...
 I understand this film to be a debut feature a...
 I am a big fan of the Spaghetti Western Genre,...
 I happened across "Bait" on cable one night ju...
 Uproarious no-brainer comedy in which comedian...
 My short comment for this flick is go pick it ...
 Marjorie (a splendid and riveting performance ...
 I personally watched this to see the footage o...
 Susan Sarandon is, for lack of a better word, ...
 I am very open to foreign films and like to th...
 I am sad that a period of history that is so f...
 An excellent film for those who simply need to...
 If you find yourself in need of an escape, som...
 When a group of businessmen start dying in the...
 Dirty Dancing - I think everyone has seen this...
 No, it's not the horror movie...This one is ac...
 This movie is the best one forever upon the wa...
 I think the "Bone Snatcher" should go after an...
 The large bell in a bar intermittently rings f...
 My taste in films continues to astound me and ...
 I think a several of America's baseball movies...
 Dark Wolf (Quick Review) Let's get right to it...
 I had tried to rent this on many occasions, bu...
 This film is a perfect example of how to take ...
 There's a major difference between releasing a...
 This was a truly epic production that had all ...
 A great film. The acting - from the doctor to ...
 Hard up, No proper jobs going down at the pit,...
 In The Book of Life, Martin Donovan plays Jesu...
 Saw this movie in an early preview, and I cann...
 Two warring shop workers in a leather-goods st...
 This is, by far, the best movie I've seen in a...
 Much like Final Fantasy, if you look at a stil...
 I didn't really care for this. Had they gotten...
 This is a pretty bad movie. The plot is sentim...
 This film is good,but not Schaffner`s best. My...
 A young woman who is a successful model, and i...
 I finally got hold of the excellent Sazuma DVD...
 <br /><br />I still can't belive Louis Gossett...
 There is a running thread in film comedy that ...
 I thought maybe a film which boasted a cast in...
 What's the matter with you people? John Dahl? ...
 I liked this movie. It was pretty cool. It has...
 Minor Spoilers will follow.<br /><br />This mo...
 The first time you watch this movie you may ha...
 This wasn't what i wanted to see. I bought thi...
 I recently saw House of Wax and must say i rea...
 It's hard to tell if this ham-brained B-movie ...
 This movie was the most out of line and libera...
 "The Bank" (1915, Chaplin) "The Bank" was one ...
 "Handsome Guys With Bad Haircuts !!" "Beautifu...
 First of all, I have watched this show since I...
 Hated it. If you believe that everyone in the ...
 My left foot is an epic outstanding film expla...
 Six GIs, about to be send home and discharged,...
 The title creatures wreak havoc at a peaceful ...
 In his 1966 film "Blow Up", Antonioni had his ...
 Fans of creature feature films have to endure ...
 The British horror film was in terminal declin...
 Monster is a mind numbingly awful movie about ...
 DEATHSTALKER is perfect for B-fantasy movie fa...
 Why isn't this movie on the bottom 100? Raptor...
 This is a great horror movie. Great Plot. And ...
 Seeing this movie, as I just did for the first...
 After Disney's witty live-action George of the...
 What a disappointment, especially in light of ...
 I know that many people will/have automaticall...
 Fans of goremeister Herschell Gordon Lewis sho...
 haggard doesn't even need to be graded, since ...
 I found 'Time At The Top' an entertaining and ...
 You don't see the meaning of the title till mu...
 "Women? They're all scrubbers...!" <br /><br /...
 This is a new approach to comedy. It isn't fun...
 Yes there are great performances here. Unfortu...
 After reading some of the earlier nasty remark...
 My first Fassbinder was a wonderful experience...
 When I first saw this film it was not an impre...
 This film is the smartest comedy I have ever s...
 Some weeks ago, at a movie theater, I saw a mo...
 The China Syndrome is a perfectly paced thrill...
 My first warning should have been that this dv...
 What's the point of this film? It's totally fo...
 Evening is the beautiful story of the flawed l...
 I was 12 years old when I saw the original fil...
 SPOILERS BELOW<br /><br />`A Dog's Life' was m...
 This movie was good. I can't say it was one of...
 Actually, they don't, but they certainly did w...
 This movie is an insult to ALL submariners. It...
 Film noir meets anime... brilliant! This was o...
 This movie has the feel of a college project o...
 The Write Word<br /><br />What you see is what...
 Screenwriters Peter Viertel, Joan Harrison, an...
 I sell the dead revolves around convicted grav...
 This is an enjoyable movie. Its very realistic...
 The one sheets and newspaper campaign suggeste...
 John Singleton's finest film, before blockbust...
 I saw the film at the Brooklyn International F...
 I remember viewing this movie when I was a kid...
 This movie is one reason IMDB should allow a v...
 This is truly terrible: painfully irritating s...
 I have used this movie in my college Ethics co...
 Normally I hate period films. Living in Englan...
 GONE IN 60 SECONDS / (2000) *** (out of four)<...
 "The Good Earth" is a great movie that you don...
 The Other Boleyn Girl - not to be confused wit...
 I cringed all the way through this movie. Firs...
 This is about as pretentious a movie as a shal...
 Everybody's got bills to pay, and that include...
 I would ward off any temptation to view this m...
 Even if 99,99% of people that has seen this mo...
 This is precious. Everything Is Illuminated is...
 ROCK N ROLL HIGH SCHOOL holds a special place ...
 Bizarre, trippy, forget-about-a-story-and-full...
 The Girl in Lovers Lane is one strange little ...
 No one would ever question that director Leos ...
 This is the absolute worst movie I have ever s...
 Now, I know that Sandra Bullock produced this ...
 This definitely is NOT the intellectual film w...
 This movie was thoroughly unwholesome, unsettl...
 "Dr. Cameron, a discredited scientist succeeds...
 ..but unfortunately no one thought about havin...
 That's the sound of Stan and Ollie spinning in...
 A root canal without anesthesia is more amusin...
 After watching about half of this movie I noti...
 Rachel and Chuck Yoman (Valerie Harper, Gerald...
 Finally I discovered what I thought I remember...
 Caught this by accident on a t.v. showing - an...
 As you can see I've submitted 2 comments about...
 I got this as a turkey movie and was I not dis...
 I love this movie. It's wacky, funny, violent,...
 This movie is easily the worst of the series. ...
 I too was quite astonished to see how few peop...
 First: The recent campaigning of this movie is...
 i watched this movie 10 years ago. and have wa...
 This is by far one of the worst movies i have ...
 Mon Oncle Antoine observes the craggy face of ...
 When John Wayne filmed his Alamo story he had ...
 Just after the end of WWII Powell & Pressburge...
 As noted in other comments here, the camera-wo...
 This film was the recipient of the 1990 Academ...
 During the cheap filmed in video beginning of ...
 I read the reviews for this and while not expe...
 This is a fabulous film.<br /><br /> The plot ...
 This movie was a dismal attempt at recreating ...
 Start with the premise that you will do anythi...
 This is one of the few movies that was recomme...
 Enjoy the opening credits. They're the best th...
 Dreaming of Julia was the title of the origina...
 In 1943, a group of RAF Officers, including Er...
 I saw this movie with my dad. I must have been...
 Awful! Absolutely awful! No plot, no point, no...
 This is a great movie. I read the brief synops...
 I enjoyed this film immensely. I'm really into...
 Or listening to, for that matter. Even the sou...
 War, Inc. - Corporations take over war in the ...
 After sitting through this film, I have decide...
 I couldn't believe how lame & pointless this w...
 I am going to go out on a limb, and actually d...
 Sorry folks, I love Ray Bolger's work but the ...
 I don't pretend to be a huge Asterix fan, havi...
 I used to always love the bill because of its ...
 I can enjoy a guilty pleasure vigilante flick,...
 I was really, really disappointed with this mo...
 As an ex-teacher(!) I must confess to cringing...
 Even after all these years, this remain "a per...
 I've tried watching it twice, though I haven't...
 OK, I don't kid myself that this is the typica...
 If you are looking for eye candy, you may enjo...
 What can i say about Tromeo and Juliet, other ...
 Jason Bourne sits in a dusty room in with bloo...
 Julie Andrews satirically prods her own goody-...
 Why is this film so bad? Well, if being so stu...
 Sarafina was a fun movie, and some of the song...
 This, which was shown dubbed in Italian at a R...
 Combining the conventions of both Western and ...
 If you are like me and observed the original "...
 This film reeks of production line planning. I...
 Have you ever in your life, gone out for a spo...
 This movie is pretty good. Half a year ago, i ...
 An interesting idea for a film, both showing t...
 Ok, I will make this review short and to the p...
 Matthau is a widowed hospital doctor enjoying ...
 I've been looking forward to the release of th...
 Let this serve as a warning to anyone wishing ...
 "Welcome to Collingwood" offers some of the mo...
 On his recent maligned reality-show, Mr. Shore...
 The horse is indeed a fine animal. Picturesque...
 Bank heist / Cop thriller sounds OK right?<br ...
 I'm astounded and dismayed by the number of re...
 This flick reminds me some really bad science-...
 I do not know which one was first released ear...
 Any horror film that casts Robert Englund (Fre...
 The first ten minutes of this movie about maki...
 Odd one should be able to stumble into "Classe...
 I first saw this on Thames television and love...
 I can't say I'm all that experienced in misty ...
 Anyone who loved the two classic novels by Edw...
 I just saw this movie last night at a midnight...
 This was, so far, the worst movie I have seen ...
 I saw 'Begotten' last night, and I'm of two mi...
 I watch Lackawanna Blues every time it comes o...
 Pam Grier stars as Coffy. She's a nurse who se...
 This is the second movie based on the life and...
 Govind Nihalani's directorial venture of Vijay...
 before seeing this film, the 1998 version was ...
 Boogie Nights was without a doubt the best fil...
 Something I really love about this woman's sho...
 This movie was so good. Leon Phelps is hilario...
 This film was okay, but like most TV series it...
 Ulysses as a film should in no way be compared...
 This is Christmas time! A nativity in terms of...
 To start off with, since this movie is a remak...
 I know Gerrit. He presently lives in the U.S. ...
 I'm starting to wonder, after reading some of ...
 I just recently watched this on the Sundance c...
 This movie was the best movie I have ever seen...
 Wow, I can't believe people consider this a 'g...
 I saw this film a few years ago and I got to s...
 I'm a big fan of horror flicks, and zombie fil...
 I was only cautiously enthusiast when renting ...
 Simple, meaningful and delivers an emotional p...
 Unimaginably stupid, redundant and humiliating...
 Just picked up this film for a buck at Nationa...
 This show was incredible, but too esoteric for...
 When Paris is Burning came out, I totally dism...
 This must be one of the funniest Danish movies...
 Though the title includes the word "zombies", ...
 This movie was not very entertaining, certainl...
 One: your screen will be filled with beautiful...
 Had she not been married to the producer, Jenn...
 ...cause they're both pretty lousy. I think th...
 I enjoyed, appreciated, will view this movie a...
 I wouldn't say this is a bad movie; in fact it...
 Incredibly intriguing and captivating, I found...
 Warning! Spoilers!<br /><br />This is your typ...
 Ty Cobb is, by far, the most interesting and b...
 This is an OK early 80's horror flick in which...
 Once upon a time, way back in the 1940's, ther...
 Wow this really is stereotypical, terrible tra...
 Wolfgang Peterson's In the Line of Fire is cun...
 In short this movie was awful.<br /><br />I un...
 I actually have a fondness for Christopher Lee...
 My entire family enjoyed this film, including ...
 I give this a 10 out of 10, not because the pl...
 Eros and Thanatos, Love and Death command the ...
 **SPOILERS BELOW!!!**<br /><br />Cabin Fever h...
 How can ANYBODY give this anything higher than...
 A wonderful movie! Anyone growing up in an Ita...
 Myron Breckinridge (Rex Reed!!!) gets a sex ch...
 WHAT WAS HE THINKING?!?!?! How sad an actor as...
 i cannot believe i wasted 80 minutes of my lif...
 This movie is just brilliant, SRK's acting is ...
 This film so NOT funny - such a waste of great...
 This is a cult classic for sure!!<br /><br />I...
 Roman Polanski plays Trelkovsky who rents an a...
 Paulie was cute, cool, enjoyable and quite ful...
 Unlike some movies which you can wonder around...
 It's a colorful slasher movie. That's about it...
 Martin Lawrence could be considered a talented...
 Tony Scott destroys anything that may have bee...
 One of the greatest movies to come out of the ...
 If it wasn't meant to be a comedy, the filmmak...
 Ridiculous, nauseating doggerel with terrible ...
 i haven't seen this in years but when i was ab...
 OK, here is the deal. I love action movies and...
 Of all the E.R.Burroughs screen adaptations th...
 There must be an error. This movie belongs wit...
 Picture the classic noir story lines infused w...
 A young basketball-playing professor of geneti...
 Although, I had no earthly idea on what to exp...
 For those of you who like stand-up comedians y...
 OK so there's nudity, but hey, there's free po...
 Three tales are told in this film, that seemed...
 Trying to conceive of something as insipid as ...
 The supernatural, vengeful police officer is b...
 Why did they have to make such a dreadful adap...
 EARTH is a must see for children and adults. M...
 For a movie that gets no respect there sure ar...
 Will all of you please lay the hell off Todd S...
 There is a word for this sort of film, and tha...
 I love the music of the Clash and I love the m...
 Another Asian horror movie packed with intense...
 Just saw this tonight at a seminar on digital ...
 This is the first Pepe Le Pew cartoon and in s...
 I read the negative comments before viewing th...
 Labeling this film a "lesbian love story" is a...
 MY LEFT FOOT, in my opinion, is a great biopic...
 Anna (Ursula Andress) is brought in as an offi...
 Well, there you have it, another disillusion o...
 This movie seems on the surface to be a run of...
 Firstly this has nothing to do with the much b...
 So Mary and Rhoda have aged--who hasn't? I was...
 This movie is standard goofy sci-fi fare from ...
 I watched the movie "The Flock" because of the...
 The Legend of Zu, as I saw it, was a very inte...
 Ghost Town starts as Kate Barrett (Catherine H...
 The back cover of the DVD (missed this one whe...
 I came out of "Rendition" with a list of flaws...
 Title: Robot Jox (1990) <br /><br />Director: ...
 Excellent story with supperb acting by all of ...
 Set in Bam Margera's hometown of Westchester P...
 To understand "Crash Course" in the right cont...
 Shaggy, friendly yet frustrating film has the ...
 I'm not really sure where to begin. From start...
 There are few uplifting things to say about th...
 There are times when, less than halfway throug...
 I created my own reality by walking out of the...
 I saw the *star* of this movie on The Daily Sh...
 i went into watching this movie knowing it was...
 I was really surprised when I came across this...
 The first (and only) time I saw "Shades" was d...
 It's been a while since seeing this the first ...
 I consider this film to be the best one about ...
 Nothing revolutionary here; just impeccably el...
 This seemed to be a good movie, I thought it w...
 If I could give this excuse for a film a 0 or ...
 Peaches is truly a marvelous film. I write thi...
 I typically don't like reality shows, particul...
 Crazed Shotgun toting-incest driven-revenge se...
 This is an excellent film!Tom Hanks and Paul N...
 Oh my god! This movie insults the intelligence...
 This is possibly the worst of the cockney gang...
 Very tightly written, acted, and filmed. Viole...
 Bernard Rapp passed away last year and was a v...
 Hummmm,...ANOTHER Keystone comedy set in the p...
 I saw this recently with my wife and discovere...
 I'd never walked out of a movie before this on...
 Although this was the first Hunter S. Thompson...
 A coming-of-age story about a teenager rebelli...
 Wow, I can't believe I waited so long to see t...
 As it is generally known,anthology films don't...
 I seem to notice that a lot of people have nev...
 The Great Caruso displays the unique talents o...
 Where to begin? This film is very entertaining...
 Hilary was great as julie, and Pat was once ag...
 European Vacation (aka National Lampoon's Euro...
 may contain spoilers!!!! so i watched this mov...
 Most critics have written devastating about th...
 Although nothing can compare to Vampires Vs. Z...
 it's hard to tell you more about this film wit...
 "Some day, we'll walk in the rays of a beautif...
 George Barry is a genius. "Death Bed: The Bed ...
 Hammerhead is a combination between the mad sc...
 I am looking at all the good reviews about thi...
 I saw this movie once, and I thought it was OK...
 Deliverance is the fascinating, haunting and s...
 With the MASSIVE advertising this is getting o...
 The premise of this movie is revealed on the D...
 LACKAWANNA BLUES is a fine stage play by Ruben...
 Cash (Now played by Khrystyne Haje in for Ange...
 When I saw the poster at the theater, I though...
 Wow, what a strange film. It's a David Lynch m...
 The direction had clearly stated that this fil...
 1993 was a time of change in the WWE but for t...
 Very interesting and moving documentary about ...
 I watched this movie also, and altho it is ver...
 This film biography of early rock and roll sta...
 This movie has to be my favorite of all time. ...
 I thought this was movie was great, Richard Gr...
 this film was a major letdown. the level of re...
 Beautiful and touching movie. Rich colors, gre...
 I don't want to seem too much of a nitpicky sp...
 **SPOILERS**KHAMOSH is totally unrealistic, la...
 Compared to the competition, soul calibur 3 is...
 Flash Gordon is, undoubtedly, the best of all ...
 It as absolutely incredible to me that anyone ...
 En route to a small town that lays way off the...
 Viewers of independent films know that once or...
 This is one of the creepiest, scariest and mos...
 The back of my DVD describes the plot of "El C...
 It's frequently said that movies can never equ...
 Even in the 21st century, child-bearing is dan...
 This show is absolutely ridiculous. Yes, of co...
 The only reason I'm giving this a 9 is that th...
 I went into this movie with an open mind. I ha...
 I just found the entire 3 DVD set at Wal-Mart ...
 Almost four years after the Iraq war started a...
 This Is Pretty Funny. "Saturday The 12th", a?....
 I own Ralph Bakshis forgotten masterpiece Fire...
 Peter Fonda is so intentionally enervated as a...
 Honestly, I didn't really have high expectatio...
 This searing drama based on a true incident co...
 It is not known whether Marilyn Monroe ever me...
 Just after I saw the movie, the true magic fee...
 I love full house so much that i couldn't live...
 Father of the pride is a pleasant surprise: It...
 Terrible movie. If there is one Turkish film y...
 What a clunker!<br /><br />It MUST have been m...
 *May Contain Spoilers*<br /><br />The first ti...
 CAROL'S JOURNEY is a pleasure to watch for so ...
 My dear Lord,what a movie! Let's talk about th...
 Don't let the rating of 5.9 (as of this writin...
 I agree with most of the Columbo fans that thi...
 Knowing what to expect (on the whole) from a D...
 I was true to my regard for Mr. Glover and Ms....
 During filming, was Vanessa Redgrave taking mo...
 (Some Spoilers) It took some 19 years for Bruc...
 Sorry, gave it a 1, which is the rating I give...
 A group of young adults get stranded in the ba...
 What can I say about this band, I was hooked i...
 To me Bollywood movies are not generally up to...
 "Rattlesnake! Look out!" "Is that a bra you're...
 Shot on an impossible schedule and no budget t...
 "This film is great! I watched it with some fr...
 You know the saying "Curiosity Killed The Cat"...
 Had the fun pleasure of viewing a new independ...
 The first murder scene is one of the best murd...
 I am testing myself to watch 3 bad movies in a...
 The original exploitation classic-though far f...
 I saw this in a preview and it seems to have n...
 I was talked into watching this movie by a fri...
 I rented this film because it was a documentar...
 Silly, hilarious, tragic, sad, inevitable.<br ...
 I originally caught this back in 1996 in its o...
 I can't believe I missed this one. Made in 197...
 I picked up this movie for $5 dollars at a dis...
 A friend of mine gave me this movie. A friend ...
 Ann-Margret did the best job she has ever done...
 As much as the movie was good, i have nothing ...
 It's perfectly ok that people dies in an anima...
 One can deal with historical inaccuracies, but...
 Oh Gawd. I want to time travel back to Monogra...
 I was watching the beginning of this on a Frid...
 Mr. Bug Goes to Town was one of those films th...
 In the late 1940s there was a short film serie...
 Unimpressive and extremely low budget sci-fi w...
 Everyone told me this movie was downright not ...
 Samuel Fuller's Pickup on South Street is anom...
 It has to be said that this film is definitely...
 **MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS**<br /><br />The titula...
 I joined this site to see what comments people...
 This is one of my favourite films; a delightfu...
 I am and was very entertained by the movie. It...
 I'm going to keep this review short and sweet....
 This film is pretty good, it actually is like ...
 This is probable one of the worst movies i hav...
 If you want to laugh like crazy, rent Cage. Ca...
 I would give this movie a good strong 7. While...
 I saw this movie last night at the Phila. Film...
 how does anyone keep on seeing horror movies a...
 The fact that after 50 years, it is still a hi...
 My giving this a score of 3 is NOT what I woul...
 Here's one of the more pleasingly scuzzy 70's ...
 This movie was just so utterly horrible that I...
 Of all movies (and I'm a film graduate, if tha...
 The evil bikie gang in this movie were called ...
 I've been using IMDb for a few years now, but ...
 This wretched movie shows that not even some o...
 What do you get when you put Lou Diamond Phili...
 well, the writing was very sloppy, the directi...
 The world of the Dragon Hunters is a 3D gravit...
 <br /><br />Never ever take a film just for it...
 This movie was in a sci-fi 50-pack a friend of...
 I saw this film when it was first released. Th...
 This film has its share of negative comments a...
 This is one of my favourite kung-fu films and ...
 Sergio Martino's The Case of the Scorpion's Ta...
 This foolish, implausible tale is redeemed onl...
 ASTROESQUE (2 outta 5 stars)<br /><br />I have...
 Altman's Quintet has to be considered more tha...
 This is possibly the most boring movie in hist...
 Watching this film made me wonder, just why wa...
 Before 'Zavet' there was similarity between Ti...
 What a dog of a movie. Noni Hazelhurst's perfo...
 Faith Akin has made me realize once more the d...
 This, I think, is one of the best pictures eve...
 Don't let my constructive criticism stop you f...
 Since "Rugrats"' falling from the category of ...
 If you were enjoyed by watching "Guinea Pig" -...
 Before I saw this masterpiece I never would ha...
 This is my favorite classic. It was filmed a l...
 OK, so this is horror? I get horror - but I do...
 Native Chief's son is wrongfully accused for t...
 Clearly this would have had potential in more ...
 I am a huge fan of Vonnegut's work and I'm ver...
 I love MIDNIGHT COWBOY and have it in my video...
 Seriously, can you imagine such a spread of ta...
 I saw a version of this in a 4 DVD Mafia colle...
 I saw Peter Watkin's Culloden and The War Game...
 I have been a huge Errol Morris fan ever since...
 Please do not let the cover of this movie fool...
 Babyface - Notorious Barbara Stanwyck flick wh...
 Nine out of nine people who watched this have ...
 In need of work, straight man Bud Abbott (as J...
 One of the less widely lauded of recent Asian ...
 After reading some of these reviews, it is app...
 I am a relative latecomer to the transcendent ...
 I work as a hotel concierge in Washington DC a...
 Simply the best and most realistic movie about...
 If any style of film could be called my "guilt...
 Of all the movies I have seen, and that's most...
 Considering it was made on a low budget, THE D...
 Just finished watching this movie as it were p...
 This has got to be one of the most magnificent...
 Suburban kids meet the forest. Killjoy is bett...
 After seeing this piece of crap you will know ...
 I absolutely LOVED this movie! Since I don't w...
 One of Disney's best films that I can enjoy wa...
 No day passes without a new released computer ...
 This was essentially a remake of "Diagnosis Mu...
 Doe-eyed high school student Kathleen Beller i...
 Based upon the recommendation of a friend, my ...
 I like "Hack." Think the "Lone Ranger" reincar...
 "The Man Who Knew Too Much" falls into that Hi...
 Eh. I watch this movie in class because someon...
 This 1939 film tried to capitalize on the much...
 I saw this movie when it was first released an...
 I generally LIKE Sion Sono's work, but this mo...
 This short film (and the poem which is behind ...
 I went to see this because of snipes / statham...
 was this tim meadows first acting role in a mo...
 I borrowed this on DVD from a friend the other...
 I know some people think the movie is boring b...
 This movie doesn't have any pretense at being ...
 Perhaps Disney was hoping for another Mary Pop...
 I can't believe they do this kind of filth out...
 I love Korean films because they have the abil...
 ***SPOILERS*** Feeling alone and needing compa...
 Halloween is not only the godfather of all sla...
 Jack Frost 2 is out of the question, I'm actua...
 Though this movie is cheesiness at its best, i...
 Imagine you have just been on a plane for 18 h...
 I gave Soul Plane the benefit of the doubt and...
 I don't know why I'm taking the time to review...
 WARNING: I advise anyone who has not seen the ...
 This film is definetly Fonda's best film. The ...
 I had no expectations when seeing the movie be...
 The Secret of Kells is one of the most unique,...
 Early 80's creature feature concerns a long ab...
 Apart from some quite stunning scenery, this S...
 One wonders why anyone would try to rehash suc...
 conventional and superficial ,Claude´s portray...
 I've read up a little bit on Che before watchi...
 ... sings David Bovie in this movie. BUT IT IS...
 ...But it definitely still only deserves 4/10 ...
 As others have noted, this movie is criminally...
 As Joe Bob Briggs would say, this movie relies...
 A bus drops off a nameless man outside a run-d...
 How LIVING THE DREAM managed to get into the L...
 I entered my first comment on this film almost...
 This is the movie that finally pushed me over ...
 Like most of the festivals entries Hamiltons m...
 Four holy young men from Mormon country go to ...
 Having searched for this movie high and low, I...
 I agree with the user "SpecialAgentFoxMulder" ...
 "Mr. Bean", starring the legendary Rowan Atkin...
 (aka: The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance)<br /><b...
 I can't get over the quality of the score, the...
 I thought this movie was amazing. I was a bit ...
 Guys, you got to watch this awesome movie. At ...
 I really have problems rating this movie. It i...
 Yes, I was lucky enough to see the long-runnin...
 Roman Polanski is considered as one of the mos...
 "What would you do?" is a question that will s...
 This movie was awful, especially considering t...
 I'm far from a Sylvester Stallone fan and I gu...
 ...but of course I was wrong.<br /><br />Now, ...
 Lucio Fulci's Cat in the Brain is an inventive...
 Bronson and Ireland, in their last film togeth...
 Ain't it hilarious when an average schmo leadi...
 If only the writer/producer/"star" had the sli...
 This is one of those "family" movies that I ca...
 What if Somerset Maugham had written a novel a...
 I saw this movie two weeks ago at the "festiva...
 I always thought this would be a long and bori...
 OK, I've now seen George Zucco in at least fou...
 This film to me deserves a lot of praise, beca...
 Having seen the full length film Kieslowski ma...
 This motion picture comes straight out of the ...
 The wit and pace and three show stopping Busby...
 Totally ridiculous. If you know anything about...
 Insane really. Even if you haven't seen the or...
 As with all Haneke films, make your own decisi...
 I'm a big fan of Lucio Fulci; many of his Gial...
 This is a harrowing movie, and it moves relent...
 We all know that some of the greatest movies o...
 Suzumiya Haruhi no Yuuutsu is a very high-rate...
 Having enjoyed Mike Myers previous work (Wayne...
 One of my best friends brought this movie over...
 In this movie "Virtual Sexuality" the 17 year ...
 If you thought this is the french The Mummy an...
 i like full house and step by step the same. i...
 Being a freshman in college, this movie remind...
 Ned Kelly (Ledger), the infamous Australian ou...
 80 minutes, and it felt twice that long! Brief...
 This is the question that astronauts Roy Thinn...
 From a military historian's standpoint, nearly...
 After reading some very good reviews about thi...
 This movie is definately one of my favorite mo...
 Things I learned from "The List".<br /><br />A...
 This drama apparently caused a bit of a stir s...
 Romuald et Juliette is one of those French rom...
 American icon Henry Fonda portrays "Elegant" J...
 Christ, oh Christ... One watches stunned, incr...
 Like Tarzan the Ape Man (1932), only more so. ...
 The plot in Petites Coupures certainly left th...
 **SPOILERS** The third and mercifully last of ...
 This film was just painful to watch... not in ...
 `Stanley and Iris' is a heart warming film abo...
 After Dark, My Sweet is a great, modern noir, ...
 The 1979 film musical of HAIR was loosely base...
 I understand that this was Llyod Kaufman's att...
 This little seen movie is a languid and laid-b...
 Yes, commitment. Let's say "Fever Pitch" might...
 This is a funny movie. The Bob & Eddie Show fe...
 h.o.t.s. is one of those sexy 70's drive in mo...
 I can see where the film makers were going wit...
 In the changing world of CG and what-not of ca...
 What a pathetic movie.<br /><br />I won't wast...
 This working girls go to hell soap is a time c...
 "Tourist Trap" is a bizarre, great horror film...
 I think there's a reason this film never came ...
 In the seedy streets somewhere in New York Cit...
 When I first saw the trailer for this film, I ...
 Although the movie is clearly dated, audiences...
 i'm gonna give it to ya straight...this movie ...
 They probably should have called this movie Th...
 Soon after watching this film you will realize...
 Where to start? This is probably one of the wo...
 I have seen this movie a number of times and f...
 This was a silly movie with a predictable stor...
 I thought the children in the show did a very ...
 Deep Water examines the pressures and ambition...
 The story of Tom Garner opens with his grand f...
 Very funny film with some of the best swedish ...
 I'm not quite sure if the term "serious comedy...
 An interesting change from the first one. ther...
 Peter Coyote was the only name that I recognis...
 I hate it when people in the movie theater tal...
 no movie with dennis hopper, gary busey, erika...
 save your money. i have been a fan of fullmoon...
 This film is just a kids against evil genre. T...
 This movie narrate the story of John Belushi,b...
 After her Oscar-nominated turn in "Secrets & L...
 There are so many episodes that make me howl o...
 ....CAUSE IT'S CRAP! The kind of movie that ma...
 This film is about the unlikely friendship bet...
 Well, I'm not about to add to the diatribe tha...
 I think this movie had to be fun to make it, f...
 I can honestly say that "Death Bed: The Bed Th...
 This is a painfully slow story about the last ...
 This was a pretty dull movie, actually. I thin...
 I am sligthly biased because I appear in this ...
 I really liked this movie! Even though it wasn...
 I own this movie and I love Canadian Movies bu...
 i didn't even bother finishing the movie becau...
 I can get very tired of murder mysteries with ...
 terribly underrated with matt dillon and tom s...
 The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterp...
 If you're actually reading this review, I give...
 I see this movie as a poor tribute to the old ...
 After repeatedly saying how brilliant so many ...
 I must say I was impressed the cinematography ...
 If this film won the Lumiere Award for Best Fr...
 Alright this was quite a sensitive little numb...
 One of my favourite films, whenever it is on, ...
 Jack Frost 2. THE worst "horror film" I have e...
 "Big Fat Liar" comes as a welcome -- shallow, ...
 There's a theory of time that posits that all ...
 I watched this movie yesterday and was highly ...
 Just got through watching this version of "Sam...
 We loved the movie. I am a mother to two littl...
 This film was not all that bad as the story we...
 "Ahh...I didn't order no amazing hit show".......
 The first mystery is to guess what Welles' ori...
 Director Vincenzo Natali first showed his penc...
 Why all the negative reviews??? You didn't exp...
 This is of of Sammo's great early comedy films...
 Viewing both of these films concurrently is no...
 Made in 1946 and released in 1948, The Lady an...
 This was a cute movie until the ending. The en...
 This movie definitely made me laugh but that d...
 I would strongly recommend this film for any m...
 ...out of this movie.<br /><br />Sorry to say,...
 This is a very bad western mainly because it i...
 ..that separate good, memorable movies from mo...
 Robert McKimson's 'Acrobatty Bunny' is one of ...
 This zany film rivals the Ghost and Mr. Chicke...
 Don't spend your money or your time on this pi...
 I was laughing so hard most of the time I had ...
 The original WASC isn't by any means a must se...
 Director Fred Schepisi(Roxanne) directs this w...
 One of the better kung fu movies, but not quit...
 I loved Dedee Pfeiffer (is that spelled right?...
 What a nasty cynical film. Apparently this sad...
 I'd love to sit down and write an intelligent,...
 A trio of low-life criminals, led by Matt Dill...
 There is a key aspect of film that Jobson seem...
 This film quite literally has every single act...
 I'm only going to write more because it's requ...
 Last time I checked in here I think there was ...
 I first read Pearl S Buck's splendid novel in ...
 The words "Swedish" and "Action movie" do not ...
 The DVD release of this superior made for TV B...
 What? - that was it? The town sheriff (John Ag...
 I've sat through several Pauly Shore movies, b...
 Jealous husband holds car dealership hostage w...
 A straight-forward X File that shows that acti...
 This "movie" is such a bad work! Nothing seems...
 Overall, I agree wholly with Ebert's review. I...
 This four-hour miniseries production is about ...
 So I caught this one afternoon as "What Lies A...
 I find it hard to believe this could happen at...
 I saw this movie as a teenager and immediately...
 This is a really amazing story and the most am...
 Three businessmen are involved in a bar fight ...
 My fondness for Chris Rock varies with his mov...
 "Return of the Seven" has a few good action sc...
 I remember watching this film on Saturday afte...
 This movie was made in 1948, but it still ring...
 The only reason I watched this movie a second ...
 Well I have to admit this was one of my favori...
 I had a personal interest in this movie. When ...
 It ends with the declaration that "the film yo...
 I caught this movie a few years ago one night,...
 In 1937 Darryl Zanuck, who had recently moved ...
 *** This comment may contain spoilers *** Warn...
 I have seen this film several times, and watch...
 This movie is really bad, trying to create sci...
 For the life of me, I cannot get why they woul...
 The movie has a distinct (albeit brutish and r...
 Note to Horror fans: The only horror here is w...
 Probably not the same version as most of the o...
 This is one of the most underrated masterpiece...
 Billy Hughes is a mute young lady working for ...
 This series is formulaic and boring. The episo...
 I'm really not too sure why people are being s...
 This movies made me suffer and I LOVED IT! LOV...
 I have seen tons of trash, in every language, ...
 Possibly one of the best, most horrible b movi...
 Downhill Racer is essentially, a movie to see ...
 Oh God,what an idiotic movie!Incredibly cheap ...
 I did not expect a lot from this movie, after ...
 I was a kid .. crazy about Michael Jackson. Hi...
 This is a beautifully-made film, finely balanc...
 I've seen this movie after watching Paltrow's ...
 Everyone in the cast, from Sugiyama to Aoki an...
 This was the most thought-provoking capital-pu...
 What a truly moronic movie, all I can say is t...
 Very curious that Nichols and Hanks would team...
 My personal feeling is that you cannot divorce...
 A guy, with the unlikely name of Shy Walker, l...
 I thought this movie was quite good. It was on...
 I don't see why everyone is bombing this so mu...
 Me and my mates used to gather together in one...
 It's a talking, trigger happy, alcoholic ASS C...
 This is a very strange film by director/animat...
 I was really surprised with this movie. Going ...
 I'm a big fan of the first Critters movie. The...
 The idea is not original... If you have seen s...
 Laughed my ass off but probably because I was ...
 A MUST SEE documentary.-----This movie had so ...
 This was longer than the Ten Commandments, All...
 This complicated story begins fairly simply, w...
 An unusual movie, which starts off with the cl...
 In the same vein as Natural Born Killers, anot...
 I and a friend rented this movie. We both foun...
 Subject matter: Worthwhile Acting: Fair (some ...
 Before going any further, I have to admit that...
 Patsy Kensit and some random Australian bloke ...
 to movie,this movie felt like one of those aft...
 Mr. Accident is a deliberate series of non-sto...
 Actually one particular person/character isn't...
 Crackerjack is a hit and miss film set in the ...
 In The Ring, it was a videotape; a website was...
 The plot was dull, the girls were sickening an...
 After seeing "Driven" on a plane flight to Ame...
 I had high hopes for this one until they chang...
 The real star of this ridiculous story is glor...
 I was young film student in 1979 when the Unio...
 The case history of 'Mulholland Dr.' is known:...
 Pere is an idiot, but he is aware about it and...
 "Nuts in May" may be one of the worst films i ...
 The Class is a comedy series that portrays a b...
 This film is a load of crap. It's quite distur...
 Honestly, I find this film almost too depressi...
 I have no idea why this flick is getting such ...
 I had a bit of hope for this hour long film ma...
 Just think, it cost a total of $250,000 to mak...
 As a lifelong fan of Dickens, I have invariabl...
 The first review I saw of Page 3 said "what is...
 All Dogs Go to Heaven is, in my opinion, the b...
 I don't understand why people would praise thi...
 I wasn't expecting a great deal from this film...
 Total Garbage!!! No reflection to Washington h...
 I chose "The English Patient" for a history ex...
 This was one of the worst movies I've ever see...
 During the brief period between Clint Eastwood...
 I watched the movie about 13 yrs ago while liv...
 where do we go from here? that is the overridi...
 I cant put it any simpler than that, this is a...
 This movie is so cool. It told me to enjoy eve...
 Swift's socialism and pacifism come through ag...
 You like beautiful girls? Yeah me too. What is...
 I just saw this episode this evening, on a rec...
 At least it is with this episode. Here we have...
 My brother plays "Moose" in this film. Althoug...
 Purportedly made back to back with 'Erotic Nig...
 I have just watched this "latest" version of M...
 Being that I am not a fan of Snoop Dogg, as an...
 The minute the forward started, I knew we were...
 Just saw Baby Blue Marine again after 30 years...
 I normally wouldn't waste my time criticizing ...
 This homemade horror movie tells the story of ...
 In an earlier comment I mentioned how much I e...
 The US State Dept. would not like us to see th...
 To be fair, I expected car chases in this film...
 I remember watching this movie over and over a...
 It is difficult to evaluate this or any other ...
 MINOR SPOILERS<br /><br />Misunderstood classi...
 Following the success of "Paris, Je T'Aime", a...
 *Please note: (The below text is taken from th...
 What can I say? An excellent end to an excelle...
 ...And that's why hard to rate. <br /><br />Fr...
 Luchino Visconti, the artist with the sword. C...
 A great concept gone wrong. Poor acting, even ...
 I saw the movie recently during the Boston Fil...
 Hollywood had a long love affair with bogus Ar...
 This is a really good film and one that I've e...
 This movie shows that the free enterprise syst...
 First of all, I think the below comment is unw...
 Just watched this after hearing about how bad ...
 The selection of Sylvester Stallone to perform...
 Another great Tom Wilkinson performance punctu...
 If you haven't seen the first one you have to ...
 BE WARNED. This movie is such a mess. It's a c...
 I just saw this film @ TIFF (Toronto Internati...
 Very good political thriller regarding the aft...
 Henry Sala's "Nightmare Weekend" is a rotten p...
 Buford's Beach Bunnies gives B-grade T&A films...
 Xiao Chen Zhi Chun is a great movie, not only ...
 And I may be being generous. The overwhelming ...
 If you are a fan of early Duke movies, this Lo...
 I just saw this recently, after an interval of...
 If you made the mistake of seeing the movie be...
 I made it through half of this, but was not en...
 This movie has Wild Bill Hickok, Calamity Jane...
 Otto Preminger was one of the great maverick f...
 I'm a big fan of Naruto, even though I haven't...
 Piece of subtle art. Maybe a masterpiece. Doub...
 What a fun movie experience! I was expecting a...
 A very unique Sci-Fi animated film, and frankl...
 I won't waste your time by describing the plot...
 Savage Island's raw savagery will scare the he...
 Lucille Ball cannot sing or act or dance. This...
 Vicente Aranda has made a terrible historical ...
 Oh what the heck, I'll reveal the secret: this...
 A quite usual trashy Italo-Western, stupid sto...
 It was on at 7:30am, too close to school to se...
 after just having watched The Deer Hunter,whic...
 (Spoilers more than likely... nothing really i...
 In Extramarital we see B-actress Traci Lords a...
 I was kinda looking forward to Man of the Year...
 Okay, I'll admit that if I didn't have kids, I...
 I saw (unfortunately) the dubbed version on En...
 Sorry about that. But if you have seen this "e...
 This film was rather a disappointment. After t...
 This is not the worst movie I've ever seen. I ...
 I think I've seen this sort of thing before: c...
 Basic slasher movie premise, 3 young ladies wr...
 ...Ok I have read about this film somewhere in...
 Supposedly, a movie about a magazine sending j...
 CAUTION: Potential Spoilers Ahead!<br /><br />...
 Corridors of time. The movie you can watch if ...
 Simply put: the movie is boring. Cliché upon c...
 This isn't a bad movie... but it's the type yo...
 Make no mistake about, High School Bigshot is ...
 Snuggle down in your favourite chair and switc...
 Putney Swope is the story of a token black man...
 Larry is a perfect example of the Democratic P...
 "Vanilla Sky" was a wonderfully thought out mo...
 it doesn't matter whether drew or leelee are t...
 I finished watching Mandy Lane about an hour a...
 I don't think I've yet seen a movie in my whol...
 The whole movie made me think of the first cir...
 Sarah Plain and Tall's Winters end was the bes...
 I didn't really know what this movie was about...
 I love the 80s slasher flicks and I remember w...
 Saw this for the first time on UK TV, with goo...
 Perfect double bill for the horribly corny "Be...
 Oh where to begin. The cinematography was grea...
 I saw that when I was little and it was excell...
 The laughs are few and far between in this dul...
 Deathtrap runs like a play within a movie abou...
 Whoopi was the only reason I watched the Oscar...
 I can't believe others took such a serious vie...
 Why do people who do not know what a particula...
 A previous IMDb reviewer has stated that 'Raft...
 Most of the comments so far have nailed this o...
 The story is a little slow and a little stupid...
 There are too many people on this board who ha...
 I must say that I was disapointed with this fi...
 Paul Naschy as a ghostly security guard in thi...
 Tom and Jerry are transporting goods via airpl...
 I wanted to like this movie. I really, really ...
 After seeing this film at the SF Independent F...
 It seems like people are attracted to shows th...
 OK, I saw this film through Mystery Science Th...
 Just a warning... This is the worst movie I ha...
 What a mess of a movie! If it wasnt for Eric R...
 Doctor Feinstone is a dentist.He has a beautif...
 I can remember reading that Darwin had a pivot...
 This was just a terrible movie. It hurt me to ...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** Well, seeing as ...
 A long overdue concert release, Rush-in-Rio DV...
 Hoot was terrific. The owls are adorable and t...
 On a distant planet a psychopath is saved from...
 How could anyone who liked the previous JP mov...
 Lately I have been watching a lot of Tom Hanks...
 A team of tough rogue New York cops led by the...
 This complicated western was a milestone in th...
 I don't think it really matters too much what ...
 Dakota Incident is a curiosity for several rea...
 this one of the best celebrity's reality shows...
 With my two stars I will probably make it to t...
 The 1977 animated-live action hybrid version o...
 Mighty Like A Moose is one of many short films...
 This low budget B horror's plot comes with all...
 Cimarron was painful to sit through. Although ...
 This movie is one for the ages. First, I have ...
 I remembered the title so well. To me, it was ...
 This is the biggest piece of lamo I've ever wa...
 I've read all the rave reviews here and am imp...
 This movie is extremely funny - the character ...
 A true yawner and a bad film even for the Chan...
 This is possibly the worst of the worst. I am ...
 This is a good family movie with a few laughs....
 I caught this on HBO under its category of "Gu...
 For such a great classic tale, the setting (lo...
 David Suchet,(Poirot),"FoolProof",'03, gave an...
 I'll be honest with yall, I was a junior in hi...
 The extraordinary Rosemary Forsyth is the main...
 All in all, an excellent movie from that time ...
 First of all. Should Cameron Diaz ever be allo...
 Totally forgettable movie but an unbelievable ...
 On 24 October 1955, the hard-work geologist of...
 I must have seen this movie about four or five...
 I saw this on a screener DVD a couple months b...
 Originally I wrote what was a sarcastic,scathi...
 Just PPV'd this. I don't want to waste too muc...
 Whenever Hayao Miyazaki does the "tri-fecta," ...
 Along with "Brothers & Sisters", "Six Degrees"...
 for whoever play games video games here did an...
 Poor Bela Lugosi. Just another day at work. A ...
 It's not often I feel compelled to give negati...
 A sentimental school drama set in Denmark, 196...
 WARNING: SPOILERS Dear Roger,<br /><br />Durin...
 I caught "On the Run" at the Screening Room in...
 Jack Frost 2. THE worst "horror film" I have e...
 Ghost Story (the TV Movie--1972) was the pilot...
 This version moved a little slow for my taste ...
 Woody Allen made "September", proving that eve...
 My cousins and I have watched this movie ever ...
 I have never seen "American Werewolf in London...
 Lost, probably the best t.v series ever made. ...
 This film did a wonderful job of capturing NYC...
 It is a nice comedy. It has the great features...
 *Warning! Some spoilers!*<br /><br />Matt, a r...
 Wonderfully put together..I wish there was a f...
 It was a disappointment to see this DVD after ...
 That this film has such a low IMDb rating is n...
 When I began watching The Muppets Take Manhatt...
 This film could be one of the most underrated ...
 I don't know how this film went unnoticed for ...
 The Good:<br /><br />Effective color scheme. G...
 Its perhaps unfair of me to comment on this fi...
 Normally, movies stay out of the realm of "dom...
 BASEketball is an extremely funny movie that d...
 There seems to be only two types of reviews of...
 I've always liked this John Frankenheimer film...
 This is exactly what Australian Television and...
 Stylishly directed, picturesquely photographed...
 i found this movie to be mostly a P.O.S.it was...
 I will admit, I thought this movie wasn't goin...
 Cujo is a giant, lovable, gentle and affection...
 Nevsky is one of the great epic war films. Sur...
 While the overall idea of Escape from Atlantis...
 Luckily, not knowing anything about this movie...
 Based on Robert Louis Stevenson's St. Ives, th...
 A common plotline in films consists of the mai...
 it was a very well written movie, and the acto...
 What happens when you give a free man just eno...
 From what I've read a lot of people were disap...
 A short review but...<br /><br />Avoid at all ...
 I saw this film while I was in France and I mu...
 Man stop making sequels to great movies. The o...
 I thought the movie "I Do They Don't" was fant...
 I consider this film to be a complete masterpi...
 A sign of what to expect in this film came whe...
 There's tons of good-looking women in this fli...
 [possible spoilers] <br /><br />The sixth "Hal...
 So after years and years I finally track this ...
 **Maybe spoilers** **hard to spoil this thing ...
 These reviews that claim this movie is so bad ...
 When ever a film is produced or directed by Me...
 Like most people out there who have watched Ja...
 First, IFC runs Town and Country, and now this...
 This thing, directed by french sensation Patri...
 Finally I got to see the infamous "Ice Age". A...
 Usually, I don't think Hollywood productions a...
 Do the following: Get a copy of this movie and...
 Yet again, Madhur Bhandarkar takes you on a ri...
 I saw this film after watching Capote and Infa...
 Eric Bogosian's ability to roll from character...
 I found this movie thought-provoking, and its ...
 Kristy Swanson plays an elite hitwoman who is ...
 I have seen a number of horror movies to know ...
 The extraordinarily adorable Suzy Delair plays...
 I mean, really... either i suddenly lost my se...
 This is one of the worse movies that I have ev...
 A bunch of sorority girls make a new pledge sp...
 Being a retired medical/health field "toiler i...
 Honest to God, the Outline pretty much says it...
 I love Juan Piquer-Simón! He's my absolute fav...
 I am a big 1930's movie fan and will watch mos...
 The producers of this picture are Hungarians. ...
 The director seems like a good, solid man. His...
 _Les Acteurs_ is the absurd story of Jean-Pier...
 I wonder who, how and more importantly why the...
 An excellent "sleeper" of a movie about the se...
 As a kid I grew up with the chintzy 60's TV se...
 Let's face it; some lame kid who dies and has ...
 King of Masks (Bian Lian in China) is a shocki...
 When I first watched the show, the first few e...
 Billy Crystal normally brings the crowd to lau...
 Years ago, I didn't love and respect the films...
 This movie stars Jay Leno as a Detroit cop, To...
 since this is part 2, then compering it to par...
 Personally, the book was a very well written, ...
 It's been a long time since such an original, ...
 Maybe "Presque Rien" is not the best movie eve...
 I watch most movies that Nick Mancuso is in be...
 Wolfgang Petersen (Das Boot, Air Force One) gi...
 I´m glad that someone has made a movie about h...
 Johnny Knoxville has gone insane.<br /><br />I...
 This is a good movie, but it is not recommende...
 It's difficult to express how bad this movie i...
 It is amazing what you can see if you wake at ...
 Reviews for this film were lukewarm at best wh...
 Don't let the premise fool you--this was one f...
 "Stairway to Heaven" is a outstanding inventio...
 I watched this a few days ago, so details are ...
 Every American who thinks he or she understand...
 This may be the worst film adaptation of a Bro...
 I do not know what today's movie goers expect,...
 I was initially excited about this movie and f...
 "Tourist Trap" is a genuinely spooky low-budge...
 Another very good Mann flick thanks to the fat...
 I used to watch this show when I was growing u...
 Ron Hall pulls a triple threat as he writes, d...
 Revolt of the Zombies starts with Armand Louqu...
 For all intents and purposes, 'Teen Devian' mi...
 Perhaps the worst thing about Carlos Mencia's ...
 What can I say about this movie that has not b...
 The idea is nice. Bringing so many stars in on...
 I have been looking for this film for ages bec...
 Look...I've come to expect this level of actin...
 The End of Suburbia is an important documentar...
 I saw this movie recently. 2 hours later, my h...
 Bud Abbott and Lou Costello always had a good ...
 This is a film I saw when it first came out, a...
 Another day stuck indoors, another film to wat...
 Out of all the Princess stories Disney has put...
 Slow and nice images changed one another, with...
 Well I watch tons of movies and this one reall...
 This is a quirky little movie, and I have to a...
 Crazy Scottish warrior race, stranded deep in ...
 I would be interested to hear from the directo...
 I heard an interview with the main actor who s...
 I really truly enjoyed this movie. (Which is w...
 There's nothing I hate more than self-congratu...
 The premise and subject about making a crimina...
 While this was a better movie than 101 Dalmati...
 I have read reviews of this film that found it...
 As talk-shows go, Larry King Live is not bad, ...
 ONCE UPON A TIME, there were different types o...
 This Showtime movie really deserves a far bett...
 Watching Tom Hanks as a hit man for the Irish ...
 A group of us watched this film are were reall...
 This really is a great movie. I don't think it...
 Gung Ho was a good idea, however it is to much...
 This movie was a really great flick about some...
 Movie: There are some very interesting comment...
 The summary is only for those who hate this mo...
 A Brief History of Time is not only a document...
 This film has a rotting core of flexible moral...
 C'mon people, you can't be serious, another ca...
 Excuse me if I'm wrong, but "Cronica para un d...
 Jack Black and Kyle Gass play fantasy versions...
 Sunny, a cocktail waitress in the D.C. area, i...
 Movies aren't always suppose to be about deep,...
 An old man is riding his bike down a village r...
 Greetings again from the darkness. Stunning ph...
 Semper Fi! I saw "The D.I." in 1957. Two-and-a...
 "Der Todesking"-Jorg Buttgereit's second full-...
 Trying to cash in on the success of Deal Or No...
 The Internet is a wondrous thing is it not? I ...
 What? Is Jamie Foxx supposed to be funny?Does ...
 Well I have to say that I have waited for it t...
 Relative to other Columbo movies, this can onl...
 This early Anime movie was a rather good film ...
 PLEASE TAKE A MINUTE TO READ MY ENTIRE REVIEW....
 "Bela Lugosi revels in his role as European ho...
 Family Guy is easily one of the worst shows I'...
 This was truly dreadful! It had a terrible sto...
 This film was pure trash. Not the worse film e...
 If you're looking for a not-so-serious mob mov...
 Fox's epic telling of one a America's greatest...
 It's certainly a direct-to-video, but the stor...
 When Northfork debuted at the Cannes Film Fest...
 I am stunned at the negative comments that I h...
 Very nice movie! I was browsing the channels o...
 Cracking good yarn with all the actors giving ...
 I had read the newspaper reviews of this film ...
 I bought a DVD collection (9 movies for 10 Eur...
 this was a fantastic episode. i saw a clip fro...
 To be honest, I didn't like "Executive Decisio...
 When one of the stars of a movie is named Stic...
 If (as I just pointed out in THE GOAT) Keaton ...
 WEEE this is still jolly good fun! As with mos...
 No redeeming features, this film is rubbish. I...
 Take an utterly stupid story. Couple it with u...
 I give this movie 3 out of 10 because I have w...
 When a small town is threatened by a child kil...
 Thanks to this fungal film I do NOT want my Ma...
 this movie was one of the best disney movies i...
 If you're a fan of the original series, do NOT...
 "Magnolia" is a preposterous, bewildering acti...
 Eugene O'Neill is acclaimed by some as America...
 Leno talks through his punch lines. This spoil...
 I was around 7 when I saw this movie first. It...
 Alejandro (Alejandro Polanco), called Ale for ...
 This would probably be a good film to see....p...
 Once in a while i like a good horror movie, so...
 Ok, where do we start with this little gem? Mu...
 I never trust the opinions of anyone regarding...
 Spielberg's first dramatic film is no let-down...
 The action scenes was quite good. But the plot...
 I saw this movie today and I have to say, it w...
 I wanted to see it because of two reasons. One...
 I saw this movie when it first came to the the...
 Ok, so there's always people out there that se...
 Military training films are becoming so common...
 Where is it written that sequels must suck? Sc...
 When teenagers go on a trip in a camper van th...
 Anthony Wong plays Lok,a husband whose wife is...
 May I please have my $13.00 back? I would have...
 First, let me confess that I have not read thi...
 This movie is another fine example of what Jer...
 I can't really remember any details of this mo...
 A four-and-a-half-hour O'Neill play gets boile...
 In the midst of a documentary about his parent...
 Buddy Holly was a pioneer and victim of the ea...
 The film begins with a 30 minute explanation a...
 i know you've read that before, on countless o...
 When I saw this movie I think I was a freshman...
 My Santa Lucia Choir was chosen to be in this ...
 I have seen the trailer for this movie several...
 Ten years before "The Matrix" and hot on the h...
 Jason Lee's pecks are back! If that's what you...
 Bo Derek's beauty and John Derek's revolutiona...
 My title just about sums this heap of crap up ...
 Mating Game is a charming, wonderful movie fro...
 Leni Riefenstahl would be embarrassed by the d...
 An expedition party made up of constantly bick...
 It's funny because I read all the reviews on t...
 Wallace & Gromit have been around for some tim...
 The Merchant of Four Seasons is a film about a...
 A battleship is sinking... Its survivors, hang...
 It's probably a cultural thing---somehow, the ...
 When I see a movie, I usually seek entertainme...
 I was attracted to seeing this movie because o...
 If you like your films to pull your emotions o...
 Have just seen this film, in Australia on sate...
 The mystery and its solution was a great noir ...
 Can I just start by saying I'm a fan of bad mo...
 I spotted this film in a branch of the Duane R...
 Jim Henson's Muppets were a favorite of mine s...
 Somewhere near the bottom of the film studio l...
 The only thing that prevented this flick from ...
 Earth has been destroyed in a nuclear holocaus...
 Having discovered the Ring trilogy, I have bee...
 You got it right! Bobby was Mike's imaginary f...
 A friend and I went to see this movie. We have...
 A note to all of you budding film writers: Stu...
 Hubie -- like Stanely the troll from Bluth's A...
 This film has a weak plot, weak characterizati...
 I love foreign films and this is among the bes...
 This is easily the best of the summer camp mov...
 Just okay horror film about a nice suburban fa...
 A woman (Sylvia Kristel) seduces a 15 year old...
 The 12th animated Disney classic is a reasonab...
 Another good animation from Disney. Sequels ar...
 This is a pretty simplistic romance. Girl find...
 am a hardcore horror/thriller fan...when i was...
 "Once upon a time there was a charming land ca...
 Forgiving the Franklins is the best film I hav...
 Okay, this may not be the most sophisticated m...
 Another nice entry in the Crime Doctor series ...
 I came across An Insomniac's Nightmare while l...
 I don't know if I'd go as far as to say that t...
 The only way this is a family drama is if pare...
 Probably the most whimsical installment of the...
 Let me give a quick summery of the film: A rot...
 I've seen three of the Animatrix episodes, and...
 for my opinion, the middle of the film, specia...
 Historically awful. Scarcely an accurate momen...
 "Bedknobs and Broomsticks" is a magical advent...
 I have absolutely no idea why I watched Ali G ...
 If you are hoping for ANYTHING new, you have c...
 What can I say about Cruel intentions 2? Well,...
 The original "les visiteurs" was original, hil...
 I hesitated seeing this movie, having really e...
 While out divining for water, a young psychic ...
 There is no way to avoid a comparison between ...
 I won't spoil it for you. Although you probabl...
 One of the great things about many of the supe...
 If asked how I would define the word " Shallow...
 This film, for an after school special, isn't ...
 I heard they were going to remake this French ...
 First off, I'am a horror fan. But this "Tobe H...
 This movie is everything but the true story of...
 Much like Tinto Brass ("Caligula"), the people...
 My main criticism is quite simply that it isn'...
 I went into this movie after having read it wa...
 I agree totally with another of the reviewers ...
 This movie is written by Charlie Higson, who h...
 This movie really is that bad, and I'm normall...
 Johnnie To's ELECTION has some cool music on t...
 Boring, utterly predictable soap opera. Mary T...
 I've been waiting years for THE DEAD to come o...
 Set in the 1970s Los Angeles, Christopher Boyc...
 Ravi Chopra wrote this film 40 years back, wan...
 Tom Wolfe's sprawling, brilliantly observed sa...
 The Gospel of Lou was a major disappointment f...
 I was pleasantly surprised I quite liked this ...
 This is one of the strangest things on TV. It ...
 I have no idea what these people were thinking...
 I waited almost 25 years to see this movie, th...
 A somewhat dull made for tv movie which premie...
 The Movie Freddy's dead the final nightmare is...
 when i first saw that this movie was going to ...
 The summary provided by my cable TV guide made...
 Yes, Keaton looks like he really did enjoy mak...
 WHEN FRIENDSHIP KILLS, in my opinion, is a ver...
 When this movie was made in 1980, I was a teen...
 If you thought "ROSEMARY'S BABY" was bad, this...
 Christ. A sequel to one of the most cloying fi...
 Anna (Charlotte Burke), who is just on the ver...
 This movie scared the crap out of me! I have t...
 This film was really bad whether you take it a...
 I can't see how a film of this quality only ge...
 Maybe the best part of the show is the fact th...
 While the 3-D animation (the highlight of the ...
 I'm all for a "bad" horror movie but this was ...
 When the long running 'Happy Ever After' came ...
 These critics need to find a new job!!! This m...
 Okay, I like to give the benefit of the doubt....
 This movie displays the kind of ensemble work ...
 It's 1978, and yes obviously there are too man...
 I first saw this film when it aired on the now...
 I watched this film many years ago on TV and t...
 I'm actually watching this film as I write thi...
 I honestly had somewhat high expectations when...
 I don't know what Chasidik movement was this f...
 This movie tries its darndest to capture that ...
 Well........how and where do I start to descri...
 A brash, self-centered Army cadet arrives at W...
 Although I was born in the year that this movi...
 After seeing MIDNIGHT OFFERINGS I am still con...
 Because it's late and i'm running short on voc...
 The Beguiled is a pretty satisfying film for t...
 One of director Miike Takashi's very best. It'...
 This show is pathetic. I can't even begin to i...
 I liked this movie.<br /><br />No one I know l...
 Tacky, but mildly entertaining early 90's soft...
 I watched this last nite with an open mind. So...
 I absolutely recommend this movie to anyone wh...
 Unusual film about a man who befriends his soc...
 I happened to see this film on a flight from P...
 Man, even Plan 9 From Outer Space is better th...
 If this is what's best in the Finnish cinema a...
 Now, I like sci-fi cartoons. However, when "Ro...
 It happens often, while growing up, a Hollywoo...
 I attempted watching this movie twice and even...
 One thing is for sure...you should not watch t...
 I like the time period, I like the attempt, bu...
 Two teenagers in the north-east of England are...
 The box for "To Die For" suckered me in -- a s...
 In this election year, where so much idealism ...
 Holy crap this movie was bad. I watched it jus...
 A fabulous film. With everything you could wan...
 "The polar Express " was an awful movie .What ...
 Ah yet another Seagal movie.In no less than a ...
 I first saw this film in 1980 and it touched a...
 But at least this movie got what it deserved -...
 Ted Nicolaou made a lot of great horror and fa...
 What garbage, is there actually no part II? If...
 Alice (Florinda Bolkan), a translator living i...
 Of course, how could he. He obviously co-opted...
 I thought this movie was really good. It ends ...
 In Hazzard County, Georgia, cousins Bo and Luk...
 ...now please move on because that's getting o...
 Melvyn Douglas once more gives a polished perf...
 The comparison to Sleuth, the earlier stage-pl...
 The story told by The Cranes are Flying is not...
 When I stepped into the theater, I thought thi...
 If I have to give this movie a score on a line...
 Wayne Wang's direction may be the ingredient w...
 This is supposed to be the story of the life o...
 So what is one to do if you are a porno star w...
 and rent a GOOD horror movie. It's like the wr...
 Dreamgirls, despite its fistful of Tony wins i...
 OK I went to this website before I watched thi...
 During university, our Philosophy professor, M...
 Absolutely enjoyable singing and dancing movie...
 After a few misfires, we are still waiting for...
 I had a really hard time making it through thi...
 Lauren Himmel's debut movie is well directed w...
 It is a surprising movie that gets you in your...
 My bad film guru (and the president of the Exp...
 The writers and producers of this little outin...
 Ettore Scola is one of the most important Ital...
 This piece ain't really worth a comment.. It's...
 I hadn't heard about Brashear before I watched...
 Lucille Ball tries to look 30 years younger th...
 I'd never heard of this Aussie horror prior to...
 This is why i so love this website ! I saw thi...
 Don't waste 90 minutes of your time on "Fast F...
 Unless there's some huge ironic conspiracy goi...
 "Gandhi as a husband and father?" has always b...
 The movie contains a very short scene of Deneu...
 Recently I borrowed a copy of this mess of a m...
 Now we were chosen to be tortured with this di...
 This movie was SO stupid I couldn't believe wh...
 This movie is maybe the most touching and upli...
 This movie was horrid and at the end made me w...
 I usually enjoy films like this. It's shot doc...
 Great movie, enough laughs and action for any ...
 With a cast like this, I knew the acting would...
 I was very impressed with this small, independ...
 A neat 'race against time' premise - A murdere...
 I have just started watching this show. Its ai...
 Jack and Kate meet the physician Daniel Farady...
 Very silly high school/teen flick about geeks ...
 It looked cool from the movie sleeve, but afte...
 Arguably the most disgusting thing to come out...
 I am guessing the reason this movie did so wel...
 I have just seen this delightful classic again...
 This film, like the first one ("The Man From S...
 First off, I would just like to say what a big...
 John Cassavette's decided as his first film, o...
 When Uwe Boll, cinema con man extraordinaire, ...
 A swedish splatter movie? Has the world gone i...
 Butter Battle is an entertaining story about t...
 I never really thought about watching this fil...
 I think that this film has become an important...
 What we know of Caravaggio suggests a struttin...
 Nightmare Weekend stars a cast of ridiculous a...
 I saw this film when it first came out and hav...
 I took a group of young people who were the sa...
 Up until the sixth and last episode of the Sta...
 I really enjoyed this movie. During the movie,...
 This was fun to watch, spookily atmospheric an...
 How to lose friends and alienate people is dec...
 The combination of Dan Haggerty (Elves) and Li...
 Have you ever read a book, then seen the movie...
 Ok, first I have to point the fact that when I...
 This is without a doubt the most stunning and ...
 I wouldn't say this is a *bad* movie. Unfortun...
 Giorgino can to some people look a bit long bu...
 Well, I've watched this movie for over 25 year...
 The spoilers in this review are offered as a p...
 First of all, despite the low rating on this s...
 Watching It Lives By Night makes you wonder, j...
 Watching Smother was perhaps the longest not-q...
 I saw this movie the other day in a film schoo...
 Following the disasterous Revolution, this fil...
 The last (I believe) of the movies The Boys ma...
 I have watched Farscape from first episode to ...
 Director and playwright Richard Day adapted hi...
 I'll tell you what happened, some people with ...
 Accepted is one of the best teenage comedies I...
 Randolph Scott is heading into Albuquerque to ...
 In reality that happened: the royal mother in ...
 First let me say the director has some wonderf...
 Stewart is a Wyoming cattleman who dreams to m...
 A genius. My genius. I remember the exact seco...
 I guess if a film has magic, I don't need it t...
 I wonder sometimes if maybe Meryl Streep has b...
 In the classic sense of the four humors (which...
 I loved the Batman tv series and was really lo...
 I loved the first "Azumi" movie. I've seen Ms....
 ***SLIGHT SPOILERS***<br /><br />A hunchback 1...
 I am appalled and dismayed that the Network ha...
 This is s superbly crafted top-notch Washingto...
 First, nobody can understand why this movie is...
 Despite the fact that there were aspects of th...
 This is a bizzare look at Al's "life", back wh...
 this movie is extremely funny and enjoyable,wi...
 I saw this movie at the 18th Haifa film festiv...
 Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, who were both s...
 I saw this only because my 10-yr-old was bored...
 What a good film! Made Men is a great action m...
 Fifteen years later and Paris Is Burning is st...
 My parents took me to this movie when I was ni...
 Truly amazing film, the concept as a possible ...
 I have been using IMDb for years and I never w...
 I watch LOTS of bad films, LOTS!!!!!! It's kin...
 There is only one word that describes this fil...
 Don't read anything about this movie (especial...
 This film has got so much in it. Prehistoric s...
 A very interesting plot of the film based on t...
 A great performance by Emily Grace! I stumbled...
 what can i say about this film that hasnt alre...
 Like "The Blair Witch Project" before it, "Hat...
 This movie is not only about feelings and huma...
 Transcendental, sophisticated, incisive, emoti...
 A boring movie about a miserable loser...that'...
 This series it's "something different". Someti...
 A less than redemptive hunka junk that is merc...
 <br /><br />***************************MILD SP...
 There is no denying that Ealing comedies are g...
 Upon the first viewing, I found this tale to b...
 I love a good Western movie, but this was more...
 I haven't seen a film in a long time that move...
 Made it through the first half an hour and des...
 Batman Returns is a really dark movie, that sh...
 ANY GUN CAN PLAY (2 outta 5 stars) Totally rou...
 The Mod Squad isn't a movie, it's a void. That...
 Watching this film caused quite an emotional r...
 Page 3 is a great movie. The story is so refre...
 Eaten Alive plays out like a bad rehearsal for...
 This is a delightful movie that is so over-the...
 Zeoy101?? Really, this has to be one of the mo...
 Anyone who has watched Comedy Central around m...
 I've always knew Anne DeSalvo was a great char...
 It's some years since I've seen this movie, so...
 This is according to me a quite bizarre movie ...
 I enjoyed this programme immensely. It is exce...
 I can't say this is the worst film of all time...
 Thirst<br /><br />I found that this film was b...
 I've waited a long time to see DR TARR'S TORTU...
 Maybe one of the most entertaining Ninja-movie...
 Richard Norton really lights the screen up in ...
 I don't understand why this show didn't go on ...
 If the redundancy of getting off the boat, on ...
 Tom Stern and Jeremy Slate are swing bachelor'...
 If you are the sort of person looking for a re...
 Certain elements of this film are dated, of co...
 The first and second seasons started off shaki...
 Great comedy from Charlie Chaplin. I've seen C...
 For the viewer who comes upon it long after it...
 There are some bad movies out there. Most of t...
 This is only the fourth effort I’ve watched fr...
 As many others have stated, this is a terrible...
 If you find the first 30 minutes of this film ...
 it would be a shame if one has yet to watch sp...
 "Magic" isn't too strong a word for the spell ...
 Madhur Bhandarkar has given it all raw. But th...
 What more could anyone want? He's a history le...
 If you are having trouble sleeping or just wan...
 From the start you will like Sam Elliott's cha...
 After watching this film I experienced a new s...
 Don't get the impression from other reviewers ...
 I can imagine why he'd want to die, after star...
 Plot: an amorous couple decide to engage in so...
 People tend to complain about the number of fi...
 The traditional Western is synonymous with wid...
 This movie is based on the art of Frank Frazet...
 Lucio Fulci's "Don't Torture a Duckling" paint...
 When this cartoon first aired I was under the ...
 <br /><br />As usual, I was really looking for...
 The creature? Yeah, it and the movie it stars ...
 Very businesslike authority with little respon...
 This is an early film "Pilot" for the hit Cana...
 Now before I tell you the synopsis this is a n...
 A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor ch...
 I have always enjoyed the Pokemon movies. Yes,...
 Idiotic hack crooks, a babe, a safe, a plan an...
 Jessica Bohl plays Daphne, the sexually precoc...
 Oh my gosh i live in Kentucky and when Mellisa...
 Chi-hwa-seong (Painted Fire) recounts the life...
 "Half Empty" is a hilarious musical about the ...
 This film is quite boring. There are snippets ...
 Ok, so I saw this movie at this year's Sundanc...
 Based on a William Faulkner short story, Two S...
 Seeing the names of the starring actors (Stath...
 One of the most unheralded great works of anim...
 I love movies. I love independent efforts and ...
 This film is full of charming situations and h...
 I don't know if this is one of the SyFy Channe...
 I just read the plot summary and it is the wor...
 Maybe it's unfair to dislike a movie for what ...
 Growing up as of child of the movies, one of t...
 I just sat in the theater bored as hell, i wan...
 Will Smith is smooth as usual in the movie Hit...
 At last! A decent British comedy that isn't ce...
 Sometimes, things should just not be made. And...
 Walking With Dinosaurs is an amazing Documenta...
 Victor Nunez imbues this unsentimental tale of...
 The Sarah Silverman program is very similar to...
 My friends and I rented this from Blockbuster ...
 "Crimes of Passion" is a film that is disappoi...
 Unusually cold and silly drama from director S...
 I love the newer episodes with CJ and Grandad ...
 "Subconscious Cruelty" has to be one of the mo...
 From the epicenter of the cultural globe, four...
 I'm certain that people from USA don't know an...
 The best thing you can say about this movie is...
 Again, I've read all of the comments posted he...
 This movie probably began with a good idea but...
 I went to the cinema to watch a preview of thi...
 Enchanted April was one of Harry Beaumont's la...
 I've seen Mystery Men cop a bit of stick in th...
 I guess when "Beat Street" made a national app...
 This is a by-the-numbers horror film starring ...
 Sandra Bullock is my favorite actress..... But...
 I should have figured that any movie with the ...
 If Deborah Messing were not already cast as "G...
 i was having a horrid day but this movie grabb...
 EARTH (2009) ***1/2 Big screen adaptation of t...
 So, Wynorski remakes Curse of the Komodo a sec...
 This short was in part four of the "Short Cine...
 Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famo...
 but it's worth watching for Boyer, Lorre and P...
 This subject matter deserves a much better scr...
 I was expecting a lot better from the Battlest...
 This has to be one of the WORST movies I have ...
 Marjorie, a young woman who works in a museum ...
 It would seem a given, but if a viewer forgets...
 I was overtaken by the emotion. Unforgettable ...
 I despise horror movies, that is no secret. No...
 my friends and i saw this film about a week ag...
 It resembles so much to movies like PULP FICTI...
 Jean-Jacques' career began with his essay answ...
 COME ON!!! They did that on purpose!! Two of m...
 Like one of the other reviewers (might have be...
 One of those movies in which there are no big ...
 One word: suPURRRRb! I don't think I have see ...
 Betty is an understudy for the lead in a produ...
 This film, won't win any awards for greatness....
 I had been avoiding this movie for sometime......
 Most of these reviews are dead on, so I'll cut...
 I really tried, but this movie just didn't wor...
 This movie is about human relationships. Charm...
 I went to see "Evening" because of the cast. I...
 I have seen virtually all of Cynthia Rothrock'...
 Well, i must admit, when i saw the trailer for...
 Oh, the sixties. There were some interesting f...
 I saw this Documentary at the Cannes Film Fest...
 Notice that all those that did not like and en...
 I really enjoyed this movie. It challenged my ...
 Don't get me wrong, I'm a huge fan of many of ...
 THE ALARMIST is so abysmally scripted that you...
 Bizarre. This movie is supposed to be based on...
 This is an extremely dense, somber, and compli...
 It may be a little creaky now, and it certainl...
 I was quite a fan of the series as a child and...
 Excellent view of a mature woman, that is goin...
 I sincerely consider this movie as another poo...
 Great movie. Good acting ,a wonderful script. ...
 I remember seeing this movie when I was about ...
 Normally, I have much better things to do with...
 Having lived in Japan for several years this m...
 Take your basic Frankenstein flick, inject som...
 There is nothing unique in either the TV Serie...
 This is the finest film ever made to deal with...
 i have seen this movie about 50 times already ...
 The film had some likable aspects. Perhaps too...
 Computer savvy John Light (as John Elias) goes...
 <br /><br />First of all, I reviewed this docu...
 This film screened at the American Cinemathequ...
 This is a long lost horror gem starring Sydney...
 For awhile I was hooked on shows like Ghost Hu...
 I cannot accept the negative comments of other...
 I just saw the DVD and loved it. In particular...
 As a Pagan, I must say this movie has little i...
 I saw the omen when i was 11 on tv. I enjoyed ...
 It is not obvious from viewing this film (so I...
 you can tell they spent 5$ making this.it is a...
 Even a awful 1 is to much for this film, every...
 Walker Texas Ranger is one of the worst shows ...
 There is nothing remotely scary about modern "...
 Unfortunately, due to a sluggish start, I can'...
 A hit at the time but now better categorised a...
 When a small glob of space age silly putty lan...
 I'm not sure how this could have been better, ...
 As a child I always hated being forced to sit ...
 The Plot: A group of young people with ridicul...
 Having enjoyed Koyaanisqatsi and Powaqatsi I w...
 I was in my early 20's, just graduating from c...
 Totally brain-dead actioner made in the Philip...
 Carnosaur 3 is bad... awfully bad. Bad to the ...
 I just spent about 1.5 hours waiting for the m...
 This movie has no heart and no soul; it's an a...
 The Booth puts a whole new twist on your typic...
 When I found this film in my local videostore ...
 Herman has made northern drama his own with Li...
 The plot: A crime lord is uniting 3 different ...
 In light of bad reviews - or car crashes - I f...
 Don't kill me fans but I have something to say...
 This documentary was nominated for an Oscar an...
 Simply delightful claymation feature from Nick...
 I simply love this movie. It is a perfect exam...
 Someone once defined what is the definition of...
 WWE Armageddon, December 17, 2006 -- Live from...
 Thats right I can't watch Comedy Central anymo...
 This horrible! The acting, costumes, productio...
 The great James Cagney, top-billed in big lett...
 All credit to writer/director Gilles Mimouni w...
 'Tycus' is almost as bad as a science fiction ...
 This was such a great series for Black folks a...
 If there was a scale below 1, it would get a -...
 I always wrote this series off as being a comp...
 The most agile fat guy in martial arts does it...
 A beautiful reflection of life's desperation a...
 The master of cheap erotic horror, Rolfe Kanef...
 Over the past year, Uwe Boll has shown margina...
 I really loved this movie. I thought it was ve...
 What the movie The 60s really represents (to t...
 Here's yet another blasphemous European story ...
 One doesn't get to enjoy this gem, the 1936 In...
 An interesting and involved film about a "life...
 This is just my all time favorite movie. Nothi...
 I have the entire Weissmuller Tarzan series on...
 Now here is a movie that does something that h...
 First of all, what is good in the movie ? Some...
 This film is terrible. Not only is the story u...
 Welcome to Collinwood is one of the most delig...
 Having had a great grandfather be captured and...
 At times, this overtakes The Thing as my favou...
 The Museum of the Moving Image here in New Yor...
 A scientific experiment designed to create a s...
 My friend recommended this movie to me.Is shou...
 I entered the theatre intending to pass a plea...
 Erroll works for The Department of Public Safe...
 I watched this movie in the wee hours of the m...
 This movie clearly has an agenda, which could ...
 "The death of a performer at a Broadway stage ...
 I like to think I have seen it all. SS DOOMTRO...
 Couple having financial trouble gets a box del...
 David Mamet is a very interesting and a very u...
 At first sight The Bothersome Man seems like s...
 This film is the best film Jim Carrey has ever...
 When Tsui Hark experiments, nothing and no one...
 Wow, what a snoozer. Definately one of bacon's...
 Mario Van Peebles pops up for less than a five...
 Poorly acted, poorly written and poorly direct...
 I rented this film for $5 and felt sorry I did...
 (Only minor spoilers except as noted).<br /><b...
 What surprised me most about this film was the...
 "Ko to tamo peva" is one of the best films I e...
 The form of the film is that of a suspense sho...
 This is a badly made, poor remake of Bimalda's...
 I have to differ from the other comments poste...
 I've rented and watched this movie for the 1st...
 You may consider a couple of facts in the disc...
 I liked Timothy Dalton very much even though h...
 This isn't quite the best Canadian film ever, ...
 When I first saw the cover of this movie (a gi...
 I just don't understand why this movie is gett...
 It is not generally my practice to review movi...
 ** WARNING - CONTAINS SPOILERS! **<br /><br />...
 Scanning through the comments, there doesn't a...
 This film was quite a surprise. I wasn't expec...
 Compared to Battle of Britain, this is a real ...
 Young beautiful Eva (Hedy Lamarr) marries an o...
 I found this very touching as Spike and Heaton...
 One of the myths of the early sound era is tha...
 **1/2 for this Diane Keaton farce.<br /><br />...
 Take a SciFi Original Movie and mix in a littl...
 The person who wrote the glowing review of thi...
 this is not just a bad film, it's one of the w...
 I remembered this awful movie I bought at Came...
 Another of those flimsy stories coupled with m...
 I've been reading through some of the other us...
 Countless TV displays and the memorable appear...
 Kirk and crew land on a lonely planet where th...
 If you take the films, Mad Max, Beyond Thunder...
 Even duller, if possible, than the original (I...
 Although i am inclined to agree with the other...
 There are two things that I noticed in this fi...
 Like classic Hollywood musicals, the plot is j...
 This is by far the worst thing I have ever see...
 I had never seen a silent movie until July 24,...
 The title is onomatopoeic, the sound of a stre...
 Scary Movie 1-4, Epic Movie, Date Movie, Meet ...
 I saw "The Reader" at a film festival in Manha...
 Terrible. The only way I could even begin to c...
 This was Chaplin's first all-talking picture, ...
 By all the fawning people have been doing over...
 With the current trend of gross out humor, thi...
 I made the mistake of watching "Dark Star" (19...
 Since musicals have both gone out of fashion a...
 As soon as I heard about this film I knew I ha...
 This is the classic case of an excellent film ...
 In the immediate aftermath following World War...
 While not as famous as some of their other col...
 Pinjar is one of the few movies that really le...
 This is a very sweet coming-of-age movie, very...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** If one were to r...
 It is difficult, today and in the US, to under...
 I thought it was a very funny movie. I love do...
 This film seems to be completely pointless. Th...
 I know it was supposed to be a long walk, but ...
 If Fassbinder has made a worse film, I sure do...
 i bought this DVD because it has kari in it an...
 I wasted my time and gave this show a chance. ...
 This movie is simply incredible! I had expecte...
 Having endured this inaccurate movie I will ad...
 This is a great movie for all Generation X'ers...
 Not the most successful television project Joh...
 *SOILER* It's fake! The whole thing is a fake!...
 The worst film ever, with characters from Carn...
 I'm very surprised that so many people don't l...
 Note: I've tried not to give away any importan...
 Hahahahah Probably one of the funniest movies ...
 George Cukor directs a brooding and cynical cl...
 One of the worst movies I've ever seen. Yes, I...
 I saw this when it was in the theater, it star...
 This is a great idea for a film but it, unfort...
 "Lion King 1 1/2" is the funniest non-theatric...
 wow, i just got one watching this.<br /><br />...
 This was painful! Recently given away as a fre...
 "Only the Valiant" qualifies as a gritty good ...
 "The Shooter" was a different type of film for...
 This production was quite good. The usual fabu...
 It seems there's a bit of a curse out there wh...
 Steve Carell plays Dan Burns, newspaper agony ...
 I remember watching this movie when it came ou...
 This has an interesting, albeit somewhat fanci...
 This is a family movie set in 1950's rural Ame...
 Russell T Davies has been tasked with re-creat...
 What was Franco Zeffirelli thinking? Was Holly...
 In Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta blends ...
 I've given 'Kôhî jikô' a low score not because...
 A DOUBLE LIFE has developed a mystique among f...
 I think it was a pretty good film. It shows ho...
 Did you know, that Anthony Kiedis, (singer fro...
 Considering all of the comedies with a militar...
 In the 60's, having as the background the rehe...
 My family and I enjoy this show and find it a ...
 It took me years to finally catch this gem of ...
 This documentary (or I should say mockumentary...
 iCarly is about a teenage girl named Carly Sha...
 So unfortunately me and my mate watched this!!...
 Being the Beatlemaniac that I am, I approached...
 If you want to see a Horror Film which is Horr...
 I read a few reviews of the movie and got the ...
 Thank you Mario Van Peebles for informing us o...
 I was lucky enough to see this at a pre-screen...
 I have to say it is a sign that this film appe...
 You can tell a Lew Grade production a mile off...
 To watch this film from start to finish withou...
 A Kafkaesque thriller of alienation and parano...
 This film is so 1980's and that is what I like...
 This may not be the worst movie to ever win be...
 The "old dark house" sub-genre that dominated ...
 For the knowledgeable Beatles fan, the main va...
 Carrot Top's "Chairman of the Board" and his A...
 This was a new alltime low among westerns. The...
 While most of Wayne's B efforts are entertaini...
 After consuming "Human Pork Chop" and properly...
 I saw this fine flick shortly leaving college....
 I am currently watching this movie and I have ...
 There are so many good things to say about thi...
 This is so to say a sequel to batman the anima...
 Once again I took a chance and rented this bag...
 An egotistic major league baseball player is f...
 This movie was lacking in a lot of areas. It's...
 "Wild Rebels" was probably a fun second film a...
 Just as the whole cast and crew knows f*** all...
 Two great stars and a legendary Director creat...
 Wow...sheer brilliance.<br /><br />Turning a t...
 After the death of all senior officers, Comman...
 As a Sci-fi movies fan I also like Alien. But ...
 A very well directed version of Eric Bogosian'...
 I wish I could laugh again as much as when I s...
 Everyone knows the so-called plot, so let me c...
 I watched this film last night with anticipati...
 I like all different types of movies, so this ...
 It is such a shame that so many people "love" ...
 To be fair, I couldn't bear to watch this movi...
 Rowan Atkinson's Mr. Bean ranks right up there...
 Watching this again after a gap of many years ...
 It's really too bad that John Candy wasted his...
 I picked this one up on a whim from the librar...
 drss1942 really took the words right out of my...
 Did the movie-makers even preview this before ...
 Admittedly Alex has become a little podgey, bu...
 If you saw the grudge, a another mediocre ghos...
 I was out-of-town, visiting an old friend. Aft...
 If I compare two films with Sacha Cohen, Borat...
 Nothing great here but a nicely acted story ab...
 Uninspired, pretty much all around. The only e...
 When you read about this film you wanna cringe...
 The Russian space station 'Avna' with a crew o...
 This movie had so much potential - a strong ca...
 Any person, claiming this movie to be a ninja ...
 THE SUNSHINE BOYS was the hilarious 1975 scree...
 Somebody needs to send this Uli Lommel guy bac...
 Revenge is one of my favorite themes in film. ...
 It's another variation on the oft-told tale of...
 That this film flopped at the box office, and ...
 I reached the end of this and I was almost sho...
 There are three movies with this animation sty...
 Note: I will reveal a key part of the plot, bu...
 The original Airport (1970) was a classic of i...
 This home movie is basically scandalously rubb...
 I think it was François Truffaut who said that...
 Ripping this movie apart is like shooting fish...
 First there was Tsui Hark's Zu Warriors (2001)...
 zero day is based of columbine high school mas...
 This looks so good on paper - Matt Damon, Lawr...
 In the Realm of the Senses is a beautifully fi...
 This movie and several other movies from the 1...
 THE PERVERT'S GUIDE TO CINEMA (2007) **** <br ...
 For those of us that lived thru those weeks of...
 Being a fan of Andy Goldsworthy's art for a wh...
 When will the hurting stop? I never want to se...
 This movie takes the psychological thriller to...
 So many great talents were utilized in "The Be...
 this is a dreadful adaption of Charles Kingsle...
 Pointless, humourless drivel.....meant to be a...
 Laurence Fishburne is a fine actor, and deserv...
 I was interested in seeing this movie because ...
 This is easily one of the best movies of the 1...
 The reason I think this movie is fabulous is t...
 About time they released this movie on DVD. I ...
 Yes, this is one of the better done television...
 WRITTEN ON THE WIND, directed by Douglas Sirk ...
 The DVD version consists of 2 episodes, the pa...
 I thought this movie was great, not only becau...
 I've had a lot of experience with women in Rus...
 'This Life' is truly as bad as it gets. Its ca...
 I always liked listening to Buddy Holly and fe...
 This movie was made-for-TV, so taking that int...
 This excellent series, narrated by Laurence Ol...
 I loved this movie since I was 7 and I saw it ...
 Like in "Les amants du Pont-Neuf" two outsider...
 Latest attempt to revive the series actually b...
 I grew up in Brazil and I used to visit and ma...
 I had the pleasure of viewing this movie early...
 I just watched it. A couple of laughs, but not...
 Before watching this film, I could already tel...
 Based on what little i have seen of this show ...
 It may interest people to know that this film ...
 Yeah, a long time ago it turned into a tourist...
 LOC could have been a very well made movie on ...
 Sorry, I don't have much time to write. I am n...
 I like Dylan Moran from his work in Black Book...
 I would say that this film is disturbing. The ...
 Peter Weir's first international success, THE ...
 George Sluizer's original version of The Vanis...
 Unremittingly bleak and depressing, the film e...
 "A young woman unwittingly becomes part of a k...
 Shahrukh Khan and Yash Chopra films have never...
 The 1983 BBC production of "Jane Eyre" starrin...
 Let me start by stating that I usually do like...
 Very literate, intelligent drama about a group...
 This unassuming, fairly routine series deserve...
 I have always liked Bill Murray in films like ...
 This episode is a bit confusing. Some people s...
 Updating of the Bliss theme is merely the late...
 The minute you give an 'art film' 1/10, you ha...
 This film tells the story of a romance between...
 Booted out of heaven, a gang of horny naked fe...
 Like many situation comedies, "The War at Home...
 I Caught This Movie On T.V. Last Night And You...
 Well, first of all, it's not a bad movie. It i...
 Around the late 1970's, animator Don Bluth, fr...
 The filmmakers neglected to connect the dots--...
 I first started watching The Outer Limits back...
 A group of cavers with a sad history take an a...
 The Story: Alain, a French policeman, is shock...
 I won't say this movie was bad, but it wasn't ...
 Yul Brynner is Major Surov, a singing, dancing...
 I couldn't agree more with another reviewer th...
 UP AT THE VILLA fooled me into thinking I`d be...
 End Game started well, the least said about th...
 Repetitive music, annoying narration, terrible...
 First be warned that I saw this movie on TV an...
 What do you do with a 14-inch cocked porn star...
 I remember the original series vividly mostly ...
 This movie was much better than I expected. Af...
 There is indeed much to complain about this mo...
 "The Thing" is John Carpenter's best movie. Me...
 Perhaps I'm not a sophisticate. This and Close...
 ******WARNING: MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS***********...
 I don't think I can add much more to what has ...
 There's some nice scenery to look at here,if y...
 It is not un-common to see U.S. re-makes of fo...
 Four teenage girls in a suburb of Los Angeles ...
 I thought the kids in the movie were great. I ...
 First off, I'm an American -- I haven't seen a...
 This film is on my list of worst movies ever m...
 This movie was a very good Universal Monster m...
 The movie was completely misleading and the bo...
 It's 1913. A studio prop boy spies the actress...
 This is right up at the top of my list of the ...
 Distributor: GOODTIMES home video <br /><br />...
 When the young Kevin gets the boat of his dead...
 This is probably the worst excuse for televisi...
 The makers have chosen the best people for the...
 Offside is the story of teenage-girls who trie...
 The message of Hero is quite clear: the idea o...
 I have been eagerly anticipating the opening o...
 If I were to create a movie thermometer, this ...
 2003 was seen as the year of the Matrix, with ...
 "Head" is a film that has held up well since i...
 I couldn't keep from commenting after reading ...
 Like many people here, I started out finding m...
 If you want to see the true, vile nature of Co...
 I've read all the comments on this film. I am ...
 Though often considered Peter Sellers' worst f...
 Valentine is now one of my favorite slasher fi...
 Yes, that's right, it is. I firmly believe tha...
 This film is one giant pant load. Paul Schrade...
 Despite the other comments listed here, this i...
 As someone already said the Living Dead Dolls ...
 it brings to mind the writings of Stephen King...
 I haven't seen the original, but just wanted t...
 This is truly an awful movie and a waste of 2 ...
 The subsequent two seasons of this original se...
 After watching this film, I was left with a tw...
 "Ordinary Decent Criminal" is sort of based on...
 Ah, classic comedy. At the point in the movie ...
 This is the most confronting documentary I hav...
 These days Spielberg's "The Color Purple" is m...
 The scenery is pretty and the dog is cute. Oth...
 I can't remember exactly where i heard of them...
 I was lucky enough to have seen this film at i...
 Now first let me say I love god awful movies. ...
 Kevin Spacey is very talented, but unfortunate...
 This is absolute drivel, designed to shock and...
 This film is so bad I can't believe it was act...
 I'd read about FLAVIA THE HERETIC for many yea...
 The earlier part of the film was rather enjoya...
 I have it on VHS but its not a great copy as I...
 This has become one of my favorite movies and ...
 It's pretty good, all things considered. A mus...
 i loved this movie it was one of the years bes...
 This film is really something of a curate's eg...
 It was only the second year of the Academy but...
 I bought this movie sight unseen at a sci-fi c...
 Have wanted to see this for a while: I never t...
 These cartoon writers are unrelenting with the...
 This was one of the best war movies I've seen ...
 Doc Savage: The Man of Bronze is a horrible mo...
 Nothing new in this hackneyed romance with cha...
 the movie is precious, and cage is a babe. <br...
 I only watched the first 30 minutes of this an...
 "Arahan" adds nothing positive to the Kung Fu ...
 There was a time in the US that everything was...
 Anatomie was a German made Movie and subtitled...
 The characterization in this movie is among th...
 A precursor to "Citizen Kane" in its analysis ...
 This film seems to be well remembered as the t...
 I know, it's a movie. But when it comes to por...
 an very good storyline, good thrill to it ... ...
 Russian emigrant director in Hollywood in 1928...
 One of the worst romantic comedies (nay, worst...
 My wife and I like to rent really stupid horro...
 Being S Club Seven, the film already boosts an...
 Are we really making 'video nasties' again? In...
 That's what I thought, when I heard about the ...
 A heist film with Jean Reno, Matt Damon and La...
 I've heard that this move was put together by ...
 Jess Franco makes exploitation films, and he h...
 Really enjoyed this little movie. It's a movin...
 I read several mixed reviews and several of th...
 Absolutely one of my favorite movies of all ti...
 True stories make the best stories don't they?...
 I saw The Big Bad Swim at the 2006 Temecula fi...
 Actually I'm still in doubt if there's anythin...
 Let me say first off that I am a huge fan of t...
 I write this review just after hearing of Stan...
 The odd mixture of comedy and horror sometimes...
 Most movies I can sit through easily, even if ...
 I caught this on Showtime tonight and was amaz...
 I have seen this movie when it was released an...
 Mysterious murders in a European village seem ...
 "It's like hard to like describe just how like...
 It's a simple fact that there are many of us f...
 Indian Summer! It was very nostalgic for me. I...
 In my work with the only nationwide non-profit...
 This sorry excuse for a film reminded me a gre...
 I caught a bit of this concert on public telev...
 Usually, when we use the word "escapist", we m...
 Watching Cliffhanger makes me nostalgic for th...
 The definition of an abomination as defined by...
 I agree with the previous comment, what a disa...
 I think that this was one of the most trite fi...
 This was a very disappointing movie. I would d...
 After a long run in the West End this charming...
 Just finished watching, can't say I was impres...
 Based on the actual event , this epic, is set ...
 Why is it that a woman cannot be a strong char...
 I kind of like JAG. It do have it´s charm but ...
 I don't really know whether Cabin Fever is sup...
 Richard Brooks' The Last Hunt was a film star ...
 There's hell to pay when you cross Nami Matsus...
 A series of vignettes, most of them spoofing t...
 When his in-laws are viciously murdered by a g...
 Dreamy young Ashton Kutcher (as Tom Stansfield...
 Great job! Was very exciting and had great stu...
 OK I for one thought the trailer was quite goo...
 So it might not be entirely historically accur...
 As Betty Sizemore (Renee Zellweger) secretly w...
 This is a truly wonderful love story. I liked ...
 What a sucky movie. This is without a doubt a ...
 Big splashy film of the Broadway music. Nathan...
 I saw this film early one morning in the early...
 "A research scientist is experimenting with hu...
 In one of the best of Charlie Chaplin's length...
 Arthur Askey's great skill as a comic was in t...
 I had heard news about this film from anime-le...
 The central theme in this movie seems to be co...
 I don't know where to begin. Tara Reid needs t...
 I couldn't believe I spent $14.00 on this. The...
 There are some good things about the movie. Th...
 If you like horror or action watch this film A...
 To anyone who likes the TV series: forget the ...
 Dr. Marnie Bannister (Magda Konopka) is a horr...
 OK...ths film (like Segal's last few films) on...
 if.... is the cinematic equivalent of Sgt. Pep...
 Was there a single positive to this film? Crit...
 If you have seen this movie, then you will kno...
 Caught this movie on the tube on a Sunday. I t...
 All of the reviews here about how much ZP lack...
 Time travel into the past is tenuous at best a...
 Sure it takes place in the west, but the title...
 Writer-director Tony Piccirillo adapted his ow...
 This film was great!Tangi Miller and Flex did ...
 No spoilers here but I have been a fan since W...
 I just saw this film yesterday.<br /><br />My ...
 While the "date doctor" concept is the one thi...
 Oh My God! Please, for the love of all that is...
 Easily one of the ten best movies of the 20th ...
 The idea was awesome, the actors were incredib...
 There was not one single redeeming factor in t...
 There are many different versions of this one ...
 Let's see, here are the "highlights" of The Br...
 The accounts seem real with a human factor add...
 oh god where to begin......bad acting....chara...
 Thanks to the BBC for this show. I used to suf...
 I read James Hawes book. It was pretty neat, n...
 At first i thought that it was just about Eddi...
 The characters are annoying, immature, and fla...
 Demi Moore's character in the movie was select...
 I can see that the ratings for this film aren'...
 Based on Christy Brown's autobiographical nove...
 It's Valentines Day and we decided to stay in,...
 Mr. Carlin left our common forum in June of 20...
 Punctuating the opening credits sequence is a ...
 This film had all the ingredients of a good ad...
 "Ruby in Paradise" is a beautiful, coming-of-a...
 This movie has to be the worst film of 2007, i...
 Tian's remake is no good at all. I only click ...
 This is such a fantastic movie, a Western abou...
 The Kid - At 39 years old Russel Duritz has a ...
 Here's another of the 1940's westerns that I w...
 On my continuing quest to find the worst movie...
 The concept of this made-for-TV horror movie i...
 There's nothing particularly original about th...
 what a great little film, lots of good roles f...
 If anything, William Girdler was an opportunis...
 Before the Internet this movie could never hav...
 This film is definitely an odd love story. Tho...
 Real cool, smart movie. I loved Sheedy's color...
 I will never be a member of any club that woul...
 If, like me, you like your films to be unique,...
 I've watched this movie twice, and I plan to s...
 It is fitting on a musical Sunday to get your ...
 Because some people, like me, like to know EVE...
 Time line of the film: * Laugh * Laugh * Laugh...
 I think it was an overrated PG-13 crap! At lea...
 "A Cry in the Dark" is a masterful piece of ci...
 I am a huge Charlton Heston fan. He is without...
 This lesser known film starring Roy Thinnes (F...
 I liked this movie a lot. The animation was we...
 Marlon Brando had long since lost interest in ...
 I don't know much about the Rat Pack, and Fran...
 I thought this was a great action flick. A ver...
 I forsee many students now signing up for stud...
 The good news: the director is reportedly comm...
 I have a deep liking for this film despite it ...
 Yes, it's flawed - especially if you're into H...
 An entertaining first draft for "North By Nort...
 It' s easier to watch this film if one views i...
 Out of all the Bat-films, Batman Returns is my...
 Disappointing film. Performance of actors is w...
 I have read all of Jane Austen's novels right ...
 This movie was probably one of the worst movie...
 This is not exactly what I would call a Mad Ma...
 This movie lacked... everything: story, acting...
 This sad romance is untellable because the dir...
 Any movie that shows federal PIGs (Persons In ...
 There is a really good movie lurking just bene...
 This an free adaptation of the novels of Clare...
 Okay. Who was it? Who gave Revolver 10 out of ...
 People talk about how horrible the script was,...
 Man, what the hell were the people who made th...
 Can this "film" be considered as a film? Imagi...
 A ruthless assassin has been hired to eliminat...
 This is probably one of the best thrillers I h...
 This must be the first movie I've rented and n...
 Plunkett and Macleane is an entertaining, fast...
 The Columbia Pictures Short Subject unit never...
 Burt Reynolds came to a point in his career wh...
 I anticipated the release of the film as much ...
 Great cast. Great acting. Unpredictable story ...
 A black guy fights ..... and supposedly wins ....
 I suggested renting this movie to my friend an...
 Somehow a woman working with a scientist puts ...
 Okay, so, someone, somewhere, a few years ago,...
 Since I am a fan of Natalie Portman, I had to ...
 A ham actor without a penny. Who better than M...
 089: Footlight Parade (1933) - released 9/30/1...
 1st watched 12/26/2008 -(Dir-Eugene Levy): Cor...
 Alexander Lou, star of classics such as 'The S...
 While Fred Schepisi's "I.Q." doesn't really ha...
 I do not know if this movies problems are more...
 To anyone not familiar with c.S. Forrester's b...
 I sat through this movie this evening, forcing...
 Seeing as I hate reading long essays hoping to...
 This was touted as a sequel to Crash Dive, whi...
 So what is 'Batman Returns', anyway?<br /><br ...
 This is a awful re-make of a very good movie c...
 I thought it was an extremely clever film. I w...
 I just saw this at the Philadelphia Film Festi...
 This HTV series is beautiful. I strongly recom...
 "Tank Girl" was, I suppose, meant to be the "B...
 I absolutely loved this show. Never understood...
 Man, I really enjoyed this, if only for Fred W...
 PUT THE CAMERA ON ME is a deceptively cute fil...
 One type of western I greatly enjoy is when th...
 Henry, a veterinarian (Paul Rudd), and his bos...
 I was hugely impressed with this movie, if for...
 Father of the Pride was the best new show to h...
 This is a well done action movie. There are pl...
 With a cast of stalwart British character acto...
 At the point in time that The Lady from Shangh...
 As a serious marathoner, I was seriously disap...
 Simply great movie no doubt about it. Great st...
 Not only did the effects and acting in this mo...
 Taylor Hackford wanted to make this movie for ...
 ELVIRA, MISTRESS OF THE DARK (1988)<br /><br /...
 This show was incredible!!! I've seen all thre...
 Being Cornish and brought up with the history ...
 Like its near contemporaries "The Great Race" ...
 I liked this movie for the most part, but have...
 To sum this documentary up in a few words is n...
 The earlier review is pretty much on target, w...
 An absolute classic of 80's scare flix. This o...
 This is the worst show. Buntch of grown up act...
 Okay, I had reasonably high expectations for t...
 Despite the potentially fascinating premise, S...
 Think Pierce Brosnan and you think suave, dapp...
 the director of this movie must have been ment...
 I rented this film purely on the fact that the...
 I have been meaning to see this flick for the ...
 Maximum risk is quite surprising to a person t...
 Thorn-BMI is out of business, before they stop...
 This movie didn't do it for me, an avid SNL fa...
 Does any one know what the 2 sports cars were?...
 Story-wise this isn't among the best or most c...
 Sorry this movie was a bad made for TV movie. ...
 This would've been a sure fire classic had the...
 The animation was good, the imagery was good, ...
 Cybil Richards directs another Full Moon/Surre...
 They had an opportunity to make one of the bes...
 I watched to movie today and it just blew my m...
 I am not a parent, neither am I a male. But I ...
 This shorter movie is the epitome the expected...
 Dead Gentlemen Productions has put together a ...
 This movie caught me by surprise. For years I ...
 There are many illnesses born in the mind of m...
 This is my first "awful" rating ever on IMDb a...
 The photography of this bid-budget production ...
 Scary.. Yes Scary!! Jam-packed with nudity (fr...
 This is one of the worst anime series I have e...
 It must say something about the state of our n...
 From the mind of Harry Alan Towers comes anoth...
 i will like to order this movie for the women ...
 The third and last part of the Bourne trilogy ...
 When I was little my parents took me along to ...
 A movie has rarely left me as cold as this one...
 The Western can be divided into many sub-genre...
 A very good film, focusing on a very important...
 Bravo! Morgan Freeman is an actor, who researc...
 An intense, dark action drama with unusually r...
 The story of Cinderella is one of my favorites...
 I was thinking that the main character, the as...
 Some good set design. Good songs, though like ...
 To anyone who hasn't seen this film yet, I hav...
 Portly nice guy falls for a luscious blonde; s...
 Not only was this movie better than all the fi...
 Warning: This review contains minor spoilers.<...
 'Identity . . . . I am part of my surrounding...
 At one end of the Eighties Warren Beatty creat...
 I so love this movie! The animation is great (...
 This is a Very Very Boring and uninteresting a...
 I haven't laughed that much in a long time - a...
 If the Australian Post Office ever needed a pr...
 This film is a pure failure. I am a Steve Mart...
 This is a wonderful movie...it's funny, dark, ...
 Chalk this one up in the win column, this was ...
 The Life and Time of Little Richard, as told b...
 A very enjoyable film that features characters...
 If the movies are to be believed, Chinese ghos...
 ultra cheezy soundtrack. vinnie tries really h...
 ...the child actors were annoying. Also it see...
 I saw this at the Edinburgh Film Festival. It ...
 I've taken another look at this film and still...
 I remember the trailer for this infamously wea...
 OK, so i have recently been collecting a lot o...
 Goldrush: A Real Life Alaskan Adventure is a g...
 I love this show! Mr. Blick, Gordon, and Waffl...
 This film is not even worth walking to the mov...
 Based on its current IMDb rating as well as se...
 Not the greatest film to remember Paul Naschy ...
 I am a 58 year old man.On a rainy afternoon my...
 Ossessione<br /><br />Luchino Visconti's debut...
 "Lonely among us" definitely is one of the bes...
 I rented this movie this past weekend, cranked...
 The idea had potential, but the movie was poor...
 Before Dogma 95: when Lars used movies as art,...
 I watched the premiere of "Path to Paradise" w...
 I would hope so and how can I get involved?<br...
 The Paul Kersey of DEATH WISH 3 is very far re...
 The movie starts off as we see a footage of a ...
 To begin with, I have to admit I've never been...
 My friends and I rented this for "Bad Movie Ni...
 It is always a well-known, and important direc...
 Users who have rated this movie so highly simp...
 Kurosawa weaves a tale that has a cast of char...
 I'm not a Disney fan at all, but I happen to b...
 Beyond a shadow of a doubt Mysterious Planet i...
 Thank God for the Internet Movie Database!!! W...
 This film is what most of the industry has for...
 Another classic study of the effects of wealth...
 hair, the movie based on the broadway hit,fail...
 And the worst part is that it could have been ...
 Whoa nelly! I've heard a ton of mixed reviews ...
 The Emperor's New Groove was a great twist for...
 Comedy works best when it relates to stuff tha...
 I came across this film by accident when listi...
 What a turd! I like John Leguizamo but man thi...
 Don't Look in the basement is actually a very ...
 I viewed the first two nights before coming to...
 Just after having moved into his new cottage i...
 I have read all of the Love Come Softly books....
 Kurt Russell is strong and (mostly) silent in ...
 A spoiler.<br /><br />What three words can gua...
 A boy who adores Maurice Richard of the Montre...
 Cameron Diaz is a woman who is married to a ju...
 Mild spoilers below.<br /><br />The prospect o...
 This is not a good movie. It is a tried remake...
 Maybe it's because I saw the movie before read...
 I never quite understood the popularity of Sab...
 If you took a really good jack black movie, ad...
 To all the haters out there: condemning a TV s...
 King Vladislav (Angus Scrimm) of Romania is a ...
 Don't get me wrong, I love most of Paul Schrad...
 Drab, dreary and a total waste of my time. The...
 Man, was I disappointed.<br /><br />1) Adam Ar...
 This is a very dull film with poorly developed...
 You have to admire Brad Sykes even if you don'...
 Though Frank Loesser's songs are some of the f...
 This movie is amazing! While being funny and e...
 SCHIZOPHRENIAC: THE WHORE MANGLER is another e...
 `Europa' (or, as it is also known, `Zentropa')...
 I saw this movie in the theater when I was 14 ...
 This movie probably would only get a 7 or 8 fr...
 This movie is one of the sleepers of all time....
 I have seen this movie and even though I kind ...
 Tom Hanks has been in such hit movies as Forre...
 This movie was advertised on radio, television...
 This movie sucked wind. I imagine that the oth...
 To compare this squalor with an old, low budge...
 If I had realized John Wayne was in this movie...
 Hey look, deal with it, there are much better ...
 Why, oh, why won't they learn? When you've got...
 The Marquis De Sade, Egypt, ancient Gnostic cu...
 I've recently went back and watched this movie...
 I thought this series was going to be another ...
 A friend brought me this movie and at first I ...
 I may have seen worse films than this, but I i...
 The cast for this production of Rigoletto is e...
 John Carpenter's Halloween is quite frankly a ...
 Rendition presents a very topical matter in th...
 Not that I dislike childrens movies, but this ...
 Really, everybody in this movie looks like the...
 I've seen this movie at least fifty times and ...
 Released as Zentropa in North America to avoid...
 Bill Rebane's "The Capture of Bigfoot" is one ...
 Rock Star is a "nice" movie. Everyone is nice....
 Philip. K. Dickian movie. And a decent one for...
 This movie was painfully awful. Most of the mo...
 I admit I have a weakness for alternate histor...
 This would have worked a lot better if it had ...
 Personally I couldn't get into 'This is Not a ...
 Oh God. Why is it that Nickelodeon has such a ...
 1) Bad acting.<br /><br />2) For a bunch of ca...
 The use of "astral projection"(wandering soul)...
 Wow, I can't believe i'm the first and only on...
 I can't believe anyone liked this movie. I've ...
 Normally, I am a pretty generous critic, but i...
 Horrible film. About an old crusty painter who...
 The movie is more about Pony than Grey Owl. It...
 Rented this from my local Blockbuster under th...
 I still find it difficult to comprehend that a...
 This movie must have looked when it was being ...
 What a terrible movie. The acting was bad, the...
 This is yet another gritty and compelling film...
 Stinger starts '3 Months Ago' on the submarine...
 The first thing I thought when I saw this film...
 Leonard Maltin must've been watching some othe...
 This movie is spoofed in an episode of Mystery...
 An accurate review of nuremburg must consider ...
 Without doubt, GRAND CHAMPION has the most imp...
 Excellent story about teenagers, leaders, high...
 **SPOILERS** Looking for a little more excitem...
 Admittedly, when the chance to see this horrib...
 I absolutely love this film and have seen it m...
 To put in simple words or rather a word, would...
 We all want to fall in love... The experience ...
 If there was anything Akira Kurosawa did wrong...
 I've enjoyed this movie ever since I first saw...
 God Bless 80's slasher films. This is a fun, f...
 The film has so much potential which was not d...
 I don't know why I like this movie so well, bu...
 When i looked at this years Wrestlemania's mat...
 I saw "An American in Paris" on its first rele...
 I am not going to spoil the contents to anyone...
 River's Edge is an extremely disturbing film w...
 This film is a fine example of why the Shaw Br...
 Spoiler Alert Well I think this movie is proba...
 The premise of this movie is ugghhhh. The guy ...
 I remember trying a few minutes of this film, ...
 There's a lot of movies that have set release ...
 fascinating look at fascist italy and the peop...
 This is a film of immense appeal to a relative...
 I wish I could have met Ida Lupino. When peopl...
 Grand Canyon falls under a very scarce categor...
 Dr. McCoy and Mr. Spock find themselves trappe...
 John Carpenter's "The Thing" is undoubtedly on...
 I think this could've been a decent movie, and...
 This film plunges headlong into the realm of t...
 Let me tell you a story.<br /><br />One day on...
 STAR RATING: ***** The Works **** Just Misses ...
 I like the shepherd! Sure the acting wasn't go...
 Didn't really know what to expect from this mo...
 This story has held a special place in my hear...
 The Incredible Melting Man plays like an exten...
 This esteemed production has it's fans. But to...
 This outlandish Troma movie is actually a very...
 MR. BASEBALL is a film of paradoxes. Written a...
 My all-time favorite movie. Oscar-caliber work...
 I have to say, when "Pushing Daisies" came out...
 This is a made for TV movie by Hallmark. Hallm...
 It's a refreshing breath of air when a movie a...
 If there's one thing I want to distinguish mys...
 What a cast of actors and actresses in this Co...
 ...this one just isn't worth the cost of a mov...
 This movie must be exported to the rest of the...
 Star Trek Hidden Frontier will surprise you in...
 OK by the time you read this I MIGHT have stop...
 Greetings, Moviegoers! As I watch Octopus II, ...
 Having spent the six years previous writing an...
 Whereas the movie was beautifully shot and rea...
 In the first one it was mainly giant rats, but...
 The Master Blackmailer, based off of Sir Arthu...
 No doubt that the indie flick Eddie Monroe is ...
 Having obtained a copy of Bostocks Cup I must ...
 Millie is a sap. She marries a rich guy named ...
 A very charming film with wonderful sentiment ...
 This film is a joy to watch and should do well...
 This is just Art house rubbish. I sat watching...
 Lotsa action, cheesy love story, unexpected ac...
 Now, I loved "Lethal Weapon" and "Kiss Kiss Ba...
 After a long hard night being partied away at ...
 i think this one sucked on ice, because it lef...
 I saw this movie in the theater when it came o...
 Anthony McGarten has adapted his play, Via Sat...
 I have seen this movie at the cinema many year...
 This movie was a real torture fest to sit thro...
 John Wayne & Albert Dekker compete for oil rig...
 Tarantino once remarked on a melodrama from th...
 Aah yes the workout show was a great. Not only...
 This film should have never been made. Honestl...
 This movie was bad from the start. The only pu...
 God, I never felt so insulted in my whole life...
 Not being a fan of the Coen Brothers or George...
 The movie Andaz Apna Apna in my books is the t...
 I have to say I was really looking forward on ...
 This film powerfully demonstrates the struggle...
 The first 10 minutes of the movie makes fun of...
 Susie Q is an original and isn't like those ot...
 This series when the Dinosaurus lived for 65 m...
 STUDIO 666 (aka THE POSSESSED in the UK) is an...
 Election is a Chinese mob movie, or triads in ...
 Utterly brilliant. Powerful and evocative. The...
 When I saw this film in the 1950s, I wanted to...
 Kurt Russell is at his best as the man who liv...
 "Man of the Year" tells the story of Tom Dobbs...
 I happened upon this movie as an 8-10 year old...
 Re: Pro Jury<br /><br />Although the lead actr...
 First off, let it be known that I came into th...
 I really don't understand who this movie is ai...
 My god ! Buttgereit's masterpiece is one of th...
 "The Bourne Ultimatum" begins recklessly mid-c...
 I mean of all the obscure, overlooked, low bud...
 Im gonna make this short and sweet because i d...
 Absolutely inane film starring Abbott and Cost...
 Yes, I loved this movie when I was a kid. When...
 I have previously seen Zu: Warriors from the M...
 Previous comment made me write this. It says t...
 Although Super Mario 64 isn't like the rest of...
 I'm a sucker for mob/gangland movies, so I ren...
 This show is what happened to The Screen Saver...
 One more of those brilliant young men who went...
 Mickey Rooney (as Mi Taylor) is a young man dr...
 There's something about every "Hammer" movie I...
 I was able to watch this movie in its entirety...
 Having read so much negative press on this mov...
 This is the only Pauly Shore movie you should ...
 There are bad movies and then there are movies...
 I probably give this more credit than it deser...
 Tim Robbins makes a wonderful film. His wife (...
 I foolishly read the back of the DVD cover of ...
 As someone else has already said here, every s...
 Make no bones about it. There are a lot of thi...
 <br /><br />One of the best films I've ever se...
 The Israeli/Palestinian conflict persists and ...
 This is probably the best cinematic depiction ...
 A beautiful woman, a backwoods, inbred monster...
 I have no idea what the other reviewer is talk...
 A man arrives in a strange, beautiful, sterile...
 There's nothing new for me to say: 4 hours of ...
 As one other IMDB reviewer has remarked, this ...
 If you're a North American 'TOURIST' looking f...
 I am a college student and I bought this movie...
 This is a truly terrible sci-fi/horror film fr...
 Without question one of the most embarrassing ...
 jim carrey rocks! if he's in a movie its bound...
 Stupidly beautiful. This movie epitomizes the ...
 the tortuous emotional impact is degrading, wh...
 I remember seeing this when it was released, i...
 This is a delightful film. Elizabeth Taylor do...
 Richard Dreyfuss stars in "Moon Over Parador,"...
 This film is a massive Yawn proving that Ameri...
 "Imperium Nero" is the second movie of the ser...
 Alright, we start in the office of a shrink, a...
 I am not a fan of musicals, but I am a huge fa...
 A touching documentary that puts a human face ...
 I own this movie on DVD and I have watched it ...
 As someone who has seen and followed Hartley's...
 I first read the book, when I was a young teen...
 "The Wizard of Menlo Park" was deeply responsi...
 It is not only difficult to comment separately...
 The first mistake you make in titling a film i...
 Hey people, what's up. It's me man, the one an...
 This is a decent effort for a B-Movie Martial ...
 An adaption of the book 'Finding Fish'. This s...
 Back in 1983, Michael Jackson's popularity was...
 "Hitler: The Rise of Evil" was shrouded in con...
 Perhaps one of the most overrated so-called ho...
 I don't know what you guys are inhaling, but p...
 I loved this film, seen this evening on a movi...
 I liked this movie. I wasn't really sure what ...
 I enjoy films of various kinds and qualities. ...
 Good story. Good script. Good casting. Good ac...
 This is a sprawling (4 hours) remake of the Ri...
 "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is different in a...
 For a good take on the Roman Empire watch the ...
 'Una Giornata Particolare' is a movie that has...
 Luchino Visconti was light years ahead of his ...
 Wow! I truly regret watching this picture... F...
 Of all the films I have seen, this one, The Ra...
 When I went to see this movie it was already a...
 While killing time on a Saturday morning, "Loo...
 How did such a terrible script manage to attra...
 this is a great film!!!<br /><br />I first saw...
 I have no idea how IMDb sorts reviews but I do...
 That hilarious line is typical of what these n...
 "Who Loves The Sun" works its way through some...
 A hundred miles away from the scene of a grizz...
 Batman: Mystery of the Batwoman is the latest ...
 Maybe television will be as brutal one day. Ma...
 So keira knightly is in it...So automatically ...
 Even with only 6,000 bucks and a cast of part-...
 "Footlight Parade" is just one of several wond...
 Mike Brady (Michael Garfield who had a minuscu...
 Every country which has a working film industr...
 This is the biggest piece of crap ever. It loo...
 My introduction to a lifelong love of Shakespe...
 1st watched 8/26/2001 - 3 out of 10(Dir-Tobe H...
 This is one of the most touching films I had e...
 I watched the Pie-lette last night and the wor...
 The movie has taken a little flack for playing...
 Excellent movie about a big media firm and the...
 talk about your waste of money.. im just wonde...
 Witchy Hildegard Knef traps a group of people ...
 Flat, ordinary thriller about a conniving woma...
 Stunning blonde Natasha Henstridge is the youn...
 This movie was just plain bad. I can forgive l...
 Just given the fact that it is based on the mo...
 The only thing worse than surfers without any ...
 I saw "Shiner" on DVD. While I was watching it...
 "I Am Curious: Yellow" is a risible and preten...
 Hilarious, evocative, confusing, brilliant fil...
 There are very few films that are able to tell...
 I thought that the interplay between Crystal a...
 Hard to describe this one -- if you were a fan...
 This is one of the worst movies I've seen in m...
 After watching this for 15 minutes I knew how ...
 One thing I'm sure everyone who has seen this ...
 I watched this expecting to see the usual Brit...
 I really enjoyed this movie. Yes there was dis...
 Some films are so bad that they're good. This ...
 I was one of the few who went out of my way to...
 No movie I've ever seen before has even come c...
 as a habit i always like to read through the '...
 did anyone notice?when miss brook went skinny ...
 I remember watching this film in the eighties ...
 So, I know that I voted 1 out of 10 but really...
 Arthur has always been a personal film for me ...
 This piece of crap doesn't worth a critical re...
 The creativeness of this movie was lost from t...
 I first encountered Arthur Penn's "Four Friend...
 This extremely weak Australian excuse for a mo...
 I only watched this because it starred Josie L...
 Name just says it all. I watched this movie wi...
 Born, raised, and educated in Scotland, I was ...
 Final Fantasy: Advent Children is and will rem...
 Just above the box i am typing in now, i was r...
 This movie felt so real. I actually felt all o...
 Unfortunately, the director Amos Guttman died ...
 In the Comic, Modesty is strong. Alexandra Sta...
 If I guess your "palabra", will you let me go ...
 A bigoted soldier kills a man for being Jewish...
 The beginning of the film is promising. When J...
 Words alone cannot describe the sheer beauty a...
 I have seen the recent Region 2 DVD of this mo...
 Updated from a previous comment. The great and...
 Dude, I thought this movie rocked. Perfect for...
 This is a dumb movie. Maybe my judgment wouldn...
 This movie should have NEVER been made. From t...
 Ok - I admit. I think Kenny Doughty looks amaz...
 Strange, almost all reviewers are highly posit...
 Claustrophobic camera angles that do not help ...
 This flick is sterling example of the state of...
 Don't tell me this film was funny or a little ...
 I watched the presentation of this on PBS in t...
 Another "must have" film. Henry Brandon is a f...
 Other than cop rock and that show where the ki...
 Last night I finished re-watching "Jane Eyre" ...
 It ran 8 seasons, but it's first, in early 195...
 one of the most awaited movie!i thought himesh...
 This isn't one of Arbuckle's or Keaton's bette...
 To start with, I have done some further resear...
 Pushing Daisies is just a lovely fairy tale, w...
 (Note: I saw I SELL THE DEAD at the Glasgow In...
 One of several musicals about sailors on leave...
 Envy stars some of the best. Jack Black, Ben S...
 Dr. Ben McKenna (James Stewart) and Jo McKenna...
 SPOILERS<br /><br />I love the Simpsons, and I...
 The lavish production values that you generall...
 THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE (2006) ***1/2 Gretch...
 A refreshing black comedy starring some of Aus...
 what a waste of time! i expected better from c...
 For me this movie was powerful. I don't want t...
 This movie is horrendous. The acting is cheesy...
 This is simply the most astonishing movie you ...
 As a great admirer of Marlene Dietrich, I had ...
 When I saw this movie, I was amazed that it wa...
 The undoubted highlight of this movie is Peter...
 Cuba Gooding Jr. is back on top! Jesus, he did...
 As an avid reader of Clive Barker, I truly ant...
 If this book remained faithful to the book the...
 I'm really surprised seeing all these positive...
 Well, okay, maybe not perfect, but it was pret...
 I love bad movies. Not only, because they ofte...
 Don't Change Your Husband is, on the one hand,...
 this is a really great series. i love the show...
 Oh dear. I was so disappointed that this movie...
 I am probably a little too old for this movie,...
 I didnt think it was possible, but i have foun...
 This star-studded British/Spanish co-productio...
 i honestly dont know why so many people hate t...
 During the final throes of the Vitnam war, our...
 Why did it sound like the husband kept calling...
 My wife and I struggle to find movies like thi...
 A truly excellent look at the world and the re...
 Oh dear! ohdear!ohdear!ohdear!<br /><br />I lo...
 Is this the future that awaits us? An overpopu...
 Steve Carell once again stars in a light roman...
 They don't make movies like this anymore  tho...
 I just saw this movie on HBO, and it was reall...
 It was good to see John Denver again though he...
 THE HOUSE THAT DRIPPED BLOOD is the third in a...
 If this film had been directed by DW Griffith ...
 In the wake of Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Bar...
 CANNIBAL FEROX (1+ outta 5 stars) Miserable ex...
 THE FEELING of the need to have someone play t...
 Bloody marvelous. Recommended by a friend who ...
 The 70s were without a doubt the golden age of...
 If you were ever sad for not being able to get...
 I went into the movie expecting a little actio...
 Like many Americans, I was first introduced to...
 I saw "Fever Pitch" sort of by accident; it wa...
 Last night, I am sitting in my TV room, beer i...
 I'm afraid I did not like this adaptation. Whe...
 A special unit of four police detectives are d...
 "For a Squadron Leader - normally the only guy...
 The 3rd and last big screen spin off from the ...
 This movie shows how savage the troubles reall...
 Except for the better than average acting skil...
 Some people might call "Paulie" a kids' movie,...
 When I read the synopsis for "Messiah" in the ...
 Debut? Wow--Cross-Eyed is easily one of the mo...
 For starters and for the record, the term "Nec...
 Chan Wook Park is nothing if not inventive. I'...
 From director Billy Wilder (Double Indemnity, ...
 I have never read Sarah Water's book. Although...
 A movie you start watching as a late night cab...
 Remember when Harrison Ford was the biggest st...
 Wicked Little things was a really good movie.I...
 I am a fan of Randolph Scott Westerns. While s...
 There are worse ways to spend an evening than ...
 CREEP is a straight up serious horror film set...
 Netflix should mention this short feature on t...
 Joseph Conrad's novel, Heart of Darkness is a ...
 ** HERE BE SPOILERS ** <br /><br />Recap: Mia ...
 After seeing the "Batman Dead End" short, I di...
 i thought this was a beautiful film. it is not...
 "Kramer vs. Kramer" is a terrific drama about ...
 Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy star in thi...
 Nurse Betty has that odd but winning combinati...
 This must be one of MGM's and FRANK SINATRAS w...
 Nearly everything that Stephen King has ever w...
 Oh my GOD ! I can truly say that Maya Angelou ...
 For some perverse reason best known to themsel...
 Wladyslaw Starewicz was a Russian-born animato...
 I know a couple people who look just like the ...
 **********POSSIBLE SPOILER********** Madonna p...
 This film was full of suspense and was well di...
 Super Mario 64 is undoubtedly the greatest gam...
 I didn't really know what to expect when going...
 The bottom line is: if you come looking for a ...
 Every time I watch this show I just want to tu...
 This is one lowly film. It has no real plot. W...
 A child-like puppeteer, for a public access ch...
 I started watching this expecting the worst, i...
 Could anyone please stop John Carpenter from c...
 I originally gave this episode a rating of two...
 Having been pleasantly surprised by Sandra Bul...
 "Happenstance" is the most New York-feeling Pa...
 This is the worst film I have ever seen, so ba...
 Although the casting for this film was admirab...
 Watching Fire and Ice for the first time remin...
 This movie is another Christian propaganda fil...
 Mostly uninvolving biblical mumbo-jumbo that d...
 I'm not looking for quality; I'm just trying t...
 The simple hand camera both gives some almost ...
 This movie was total cheese. It stank. The onl...
 There is a lot of talk of torture these days. ...
 This is my favourite film and I think it is pe...
 This is far worse than those awful Laurel and ...
 I went straight to the big screen to view this...
 Corey Haim plays a kid who teams up with a dog...
 I'm seeing a pattern here. If you see a movie ...
 No sense going over the story since enough rev...
 I, like most other people, saw this movie afte...
 But I still enjoyed watching her, so I gave it...
 I'd never heard of this film before I caught i...
 Must every good story be "improved" with added...
 Eisenstien's "Potempkin", (Bronenosets Potyomk...
 As a long time Red Sox fan, I just had to go s...
 I saw this years ago, and it's entertaining, b...
 This is a wonderful film... First impressions ...
 You need to watch this show once to have seen ...
 Well acted drama based on a novel by Arthur Mi...
 I can't understand why many seem to hate this....
 This movie started out as a quite decent-looki...
 The War Between the States was perhaps the dar...
 I remember years ago BBC1 used to show this mo...
 Some spoilers**** A Soap has some wonderful mo...
 Saw this piece of work at a film fest in CA. M...
 This film, winning Im Kwon-Taek the Best Direc...
 Steven Seagal movies have never been Oscar mat...
 This movie had potential. The script was not b...
 This movie was an attempt to go into places mo...
 Went with some friends and one of my friends m...
 I woke up and it was a beautiful day; the sun ...
 Michael Winner is probably best known for his ...
 Outstanding film of 1943 with Paul Lukas givin...
 I remember being forced (yes--literally FORCED...
 After some quite OK Dutch action flicks, like ...
 Thelma Ritter did steal the picture. I just fi...
 This is one of those movies which get better w...
 Although I don't usually go for relentlessly h...
 Terrible writing, highly contrived, from a "do...
 Yumiko (Wakana Sakai), the pretty adopted daug...
 Another violent, angry fantasy from Paul Verho...
 I can't say this show is perfect. Perhaps all ...
 The Twilight Zone has achieved a certain mytho...
 The more I analyze this film, the worse it bec...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 WE FAW DOWN <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.33:1<b...
 I cannot believe how uneducated this movie is....
 This is, without doubt, one of the worst films...
 I don't understand this movies distinctly aver...
 The movie itself is so pathetic. It portrayed ...
 If you're amused by straight-faced goings-on t...
 This movie wasn't that bad when compared to th...
 If this movie as meant to discourage people fr...
 I'm a huge classic film buff, but am just gett...
 I can't believe that so many are comparing thi...
 The movie is absolutely silly.<br /><br />But ...
 This was a pleasant musical about the creation...
 This was one of those films I probably never w...
 It's funny. It's not Arthur Miller or T.S. Ell...
 My 10/10 rating of course applies only if you'...
 Sure, there's stuff here that the Coens and El...
 This movie is great! Brad Pitt will never be a...
 "A truly nice story with a moral about brother...
 ....ripoff of a dozen better films. Particular...
 A ditzy girl (yes, ditzy is about as complex a...
 Johnny and Jeremy are vampires of sorts. Minus...
 I would highly recommend this movie! And I cer...
 Ham-handed homage to honest hacking. Felt good...
 I loved this film!!! It was so easy to become ...
 I think if you are into the sixties kind of th...
 A film starring Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell,...
 Certainly when I saw this movie at HBO, I was ...
 This movie is so bad it's worth seeing. This m...
 A funny and scathing critique of Russian socie...
 This film is fantastic. Finally well-written c...
 I have no idea what idiots gave this movie a P...
 I was excited about this movie after reading o...
 If you like bad movies (and you must to watch ...
 Bad bad bad....<br /><br />This is another stu...
 Youth, sexuality, and the French countryside -...
 OK firstly, if your not a fan of the whole low...
 This movie is really not all that bad. But the...
 As a veteran screen writing instructor at Rich...
 Dr. Franz Tobel, a Swiss scientist, is smuggle...
 The author of numerous novels, plays, and shor...
 Don't listen to what the critics have always s...
 Why did I have to go out and buy (yes buy!) JA...
 OK, if you would judge the movie to now a days...
 In Iran, women are not admitted to soccer game...
 (This is a review of the later English release...
 "Graduation Day" is a result of the success of...
 As a Mystery Science Theatre 3000 fan, I can w...
 When I first started watching this movie I was...
 All in all a good film and better for the fact...
 I couldn't find anyone to watch DiG! with me b...
 A schizophrenic has escaped from a NYC mental ...
 Larry Fessenden has been thrashed by most of t...
 After having seen the Canadian/Icelandic/Briti...
 I finally saw this on video, after years of he...
 >>>>>>>>>>>>> >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> >>>>>>>>>>>>>>...
 The last sentence of this review is a major sp...
 I just had the opportunity to see 'Nuovomondo'...
 this is an honest attempt to make a bewitching...
 While amiable and amusing for gay audiences, F...
 This movie moved much too slowly for my taste....
 It's a shame that by garnering a restricted ra...
 A thematic staple of cinema since its inceptio...
 I only hope that no classicists/ancient histor...
 I remember following the case of Andre Chicati...
 I wish Hollywood would make more movies like T...
 There is no relation at all between Fortier an...
 A ridiculous, badly acted Mini Cooper infomerc...
 Disowned by Richard C. Sarafian, this disaster...
 When I caught a glimpse of the title I thought...
 Where do I start? First off, the story sucks. ...
 For starters, I once met the director when he ...
 Very good film. Very good documentary.<br /><b...
 Sacchi is the best Bogart impersonator ever......
 The stars and the planets must've all been in ...
 Movies like this give independent films a bad ...
 it's the best movie i have ever seen!!!!!! i j...
 Well, I read the other comments. Didn't think ...
 First, I'm a huge Buddy Holly fan. I grew up k...
 Eddie Murphy put a lot into this movie by dire...
 I've seen just about all of the Coen brothers'...
 Obviously made on the cheap to capitalize on t...
 Just saw this movie 2 days ago. A very interes...
 I adore this film. The chemistry between the t...
 Fantastic series, one of my few favorites (Mia...
 I don't know what has happened to director Abe...
 This film was made in 1943 when i think Judy w...
 heres a fun fact, I was the baby in the movie,...
 Believe me I wanted this series to work, but t...
 I loved this exiting republic serial! The stor...
 Ron Howard directed this? The 1966 cartoon is ...
 Belonging to the subgenre of post-apocalyptic ...
 I rented this one by accident. I lifted the vi...
 I liked this movie. I'm not a big horror movie...
 This 1996 movie was the first adaptation of Ja...
 I went and saw this movie last night after bei...
 I heard about this series in 2001 which a frie...
 While i read all of the complaints about this ...
 Peter Yates film from the pen of Steve Tesich ...
 This movie has everything. Emotion, power, aff...
 This movie is just plain dumb. Don't bother wa...
 This very loose retelling of Carmen begins on ...
 Way, way back in the 1980s, long before NAFTA ...
 I haven't been able to decide if this movie is...
 `Skenbart' is one of the funniest movies to no...
 As everyone knows, nobody can play Scarlett O'...
 I really, really don't understand how that mov...
 Much underrated camp movie on the level of Cob...
 I was treated to a viewing of Cracker Bag last...
 I had already heard of Ali G in Madonna's musi...
 DOWN TO EARTH / (2001) * (out of four)<br /><b...
 I am surprised people, after such lousy movies...
 The Love Letter (1999): Starring Kate Capshaw,...
 ... with a single act.<br /><br />Charlie Wils...
 I just finished watching one episode(S1-#5 A b...
 This is a truly terrible film.<br /><br />I'm ...
 Do-It-Yourself indie horror auteur Todd Sheets...
 First of all I thought it was naughty of them ...
 Having seen CUBE, I've been a fan of Vincenzo ...
 Though not a huge fan, I am a Three Stooges pu...
 ... So some people might argue that this can't...
 "The next Karate Kid" is an outstanding movie ...
 this film sucks a big one. so many holes in th...
 It's possible to have a good time with this fi...
 If you are French native, then you find this m...
 I have decided to flush this show from my memo...
 I was expecting to love this movie--film noir,...
 I saw this independent film when it was in Phi...
 Election marks the 2nd trial society theme mov...
 Today's sci-fi thrillers are more like Rambo i...
 Zachary Scott does what he does best, i.e., pl...
 Mitchell Leisen's fifth feature as director, a...
 By far the most important requirement for any ...
 Although not a big Coen brothers fan, I am an ...
 In what is arguably the best outdoor adventure...
 this is the first time I'm writing a comment o...
 I originally saw this on its premiere in the U...
 The movie begins a with mentally-challenged gi...
 I couldn't wait for the end. This is absolutel...
 Joseph L. Mankiewicz is not remembered by most...
 Battlestar Gallactica was so great because it ...
 On his birthday a small boys tells his mother ...
 Lucio Fulci was one of the most prolific Itali...
 I have to admit when I went to see this movie,...
 Ewe, The opening screams zero budget. The titl...
 While the original 1932 version, with Preston ...
 Have you ever tried a kind of food that your f...
 Val Kilmer... Love or loath him, sometimes he ...
 This is an interesting treatment of a subject ...
 Alright, this film is the representation of se...
 It's hard to believe a movie can be this bad, ...
 I remember watching the Disney version and wat...
 I discovered this late one night on Turner Cla...
 I just can't imagine any possible reasons why ...
 This has got to be one of the worst movies eve...
 The Curse of Monkey Island has always been my ...
 The time is the future and for many not aware ...
 My curiosity and patience to finally see this ...
 Creakiness and atmosphere this film has, but s...
 I just wanted to leave a quick comment as its ...
 Okay. This Movie is a Pure Pleasure. It has th...
 I just finished watching Following and I thoug...
 A somewhat typical bit of filmmaking from this...
 Yes!!!! Fassbinder and Ballhaus are at the top...
 This movie is awful. If you're considering to ...
 I'm Italian and when I've recently looked agai...
 This was the best documentary I've ever seen!!...
 One of the most poetic narrative films ever ma...
 Every second of the film is gorgeous. And that...
 Well the film starts good, but after half an h...
 I think the weighted average for this film is ...
 Dumb excuse for a thriller with absolutely zer...
 I knew this film was supposed to be so bad it ...
 A blind person could have shot this movie bett...
 From the get go, you won't be able to look awa...
 So, back when Herbie made his first appearance...
 Do you know what farmers spray on fields ? Tha...
 I would firstly say that somehow I remember se...
 Do you like stand up? Then stay away from this...
 This surrealistic, absurdist movie is the firs...
 Two things can happen when an ensemble cast is...
 Cut tries to be like most post-Scream slashers...
 To say that this is a good show is not to say ...
 As I said, the book was pretty good and this m...
 I usually steer clear of TV movies because of ...
 Yet another early film from Alfred Hitchcock w...
 Well let me go say this because i love history...
 With all the dreck out there, this is a gentle...
 Lonely, disconnected, middle-class housewife i...
 Clive Barker of Hellraiser fame has written an...
 this movie absolutely terrible ..not only was ...
 I must pat myself on the back for watching thi...
 Continuing with the exclusive film programme a...
 This film is about a mysterious love letter th...
 This typically melodramatic Bollywood film has...
 In light of the recent and quite good Batman t...
 "Fame" is a very well done portrait of the stu...
 At first glance, it would seem natural to comp...
 I actually had quite high hopes going into thi...
 I recently saw this at the 2007 Palm Springs I...
 Although the video box for many copies of this...
 almost 4 years after the events of 911, if ask...
 have just got back from seeing this brilliantl...
 This is definitely one of the weaker of the se...
 Murder and insurance fraud take an adulterous ...
 This has to be one of my 3 favorite Episodes f...
 "Ghost of Dragstrip Hollow" appears to take pl...
 this movie takes the voice of terror and makes...
 I remember seeing this film at the West End th...
 This film is basically two hours of Dafoe's ch...
 A film, first and foremost, should be good sto...
 I had high hopes for this one after reading ea...
 You know, I was very surprised when watching t...
 When I was a kid, I remember watching this whi...
 Imagine a world, in which everyone treats anyo...
 I found it a real task to sit through this fil...
 After watching this film last night on Sundanc...
 Be warned, the next time you see "Richard Kell...
 My girlfriend and I saw this movie when it was...
 ''The 40 Year Old Virgin'''made me laugh a lot...
 I've read "Anne Frank: The Diary of a Young Gi...
 Being both a Dario Argento fan and a Phantom o...
 The Beguiled is one of those under-seen films ...
 Why would this film be so good, but only gross...
 I just watched I. Q. again tonight and had for...
 Movie about a small town with equal numbers of...
 America's Next Top Model is a great reality sh...
 I had the privilege to watch Mar Adentro last ...
 Indian Summer is a warm, multi-character film,...
 Two Hands is a highly enjoyable Aussie crime c...
 THE HAND OF DEATH most definitely rates a ten ...
 After the success of the first two 'Godfather'...
 Russian actress TATIANA SAMOILOVA reminds me s...
 As a long time resident of western Pa I have a...
 Let's get right to the heart of the matter...T...
 The film released at the start of 2000 alongwi...
 This could be a strong candidate for "The Wors...
 The humor in Who's Your Daddy is such poor tas...
 I was very moved by the gentle power of this m...
 There is no "fun" poking fun at the desperate ...
 So many great actors, so little worth watching...
 From what I understand, Fox was embarrassed th...
 What an uninteresting hodge-podge. It could ha...
 Being the second last of Chaplin's Essanay fil...
 Nothing is fantastic! Simple as that! It's a f...
 - When the local sheriff is killed, his wife t...
 The story line was very straight forward and e...
 I wanted to love this movie. Everything seemed...
 I initially bought this DVD because it had SRK...
 Travis (James Franco) is a young man riding a ...
 Whether or not this adaptation of the Marvel c...
 This is a great Western story with outstanding...
 Story of a good-for-nothing poet and a sidekic...
 I have never before seen a movie quite like th...
 <br /><br />Average adventure movie that took ...
 OK, it's not a perfect movie by any means but ...
 Just listen to the Broadway cast album and to ...
 After watching this I thought to myself, there...
 My flatmate rented out this film the other nig...
 The best that I can say about this film is tha...
 WOW, a masterpiece of a movie not to be missed...
 I absolutely hated this movie. Even though the...
 The creative team behind Evan Almighty really ...
 Not to mention easily Pierce Brosnon's best pe...
 A true dark noir movie and a very graphic film...
 On the face of it this film looked like it mig...
 Oscar-caliber performance by Peter Falk in an ...
 Don't even waste your time, let alone pay rent...
 (Avast, slight spoilers ahead) I got this tape...
 A bumbling error at the Ministry Of Education ...
 Back when I was working person, I remember hav...
 Mediocre at best. Slow, but probably more ente...
 Quentin in my opinion has written and directed...
 I stumbled onto this movie when I was eBay'ing...
 STAR RATING: ***** Unmissable **** Very Good *...
 I liked SOLINO very much. It is a very heart-r...
 I could have liked this if I didn't like Diane...
 After I watched this movie, I came to IMDb and...
 I'm not bothered by the sleazy hosts, nor am I...
 Horror movies can be a lot of fun with low bud...
 OK, lets get one thing straight, i love dinosa...
 Thankfully as a student I have been able to wa...
 I didn't expect much from this, but I have to ...
 The story of dirty fat filth-like middle-age w...
 Nothing to spoil here at all but this could be...
 This film has slipped through the cracks of fi...
 The "Men in White" movie is definitely one of ...
 First of all, Katherine Hepburn is badly misca...
 Sure, it was cheesy and nonsensical and at tim...
 <br /><br />**********SPOILER ALERT***********...
 A wealthy Harvard dude falls for a poor Radcli...
 This movie made me want to bang my head agains...
 Call me old fashioned, but I like movies with ...
 DarkWolf tells the tale of a young waitress na...
 Not that I tinkle myself with glee at the sigh...
 "Dance, Fools, Dance" is an early Crawford-Gab...
 You know you're in for something different whe...
 The parallels between this film and "Captain W...
 When I was flicking through the TV Guide, and ...
 I think this movie can be called the movie of ...
 If this series supposed to be an improvement o...
 Hardware Wars is a hilarious, 12 minute short ...
 This is ten times better than "Who Wants To BE...
 And it falls squarely into the category of "aw...
 WAQT is a perfect example of a chicken soup no...
 It's rare for a film to sweep you away within ...
 I attended a screening of this movie. It was w...
 I wasn't really hoping for much when I went to...
 MONSTER - He was great; I loved the special-ef...
 A sick man Carleton Hendricks (Dee Snider), cr...
 Like most people I was intrigued when I heard ...
 I only saw this movie once, and that was enoug...
 If I look hard enough, flaws can be found in t...
 I am very tolerant of really bad sci/fi and ho...
 When I watch a low budget film I know what to ...
 THE GOOD: The acting were great especially Ter...
 My first attempt at watching this ended in 8 m...
 Once again the two bickering professors must j...
 This could have been so much better than it tu...
 The Poverty Row horror pictures of the 1930s a...
 It was the Sixties, and anyone with long hair ...
 Good action show, but nothing new. This one to...
 Hilariously obvious "drama" about a bunch of h...
 I approach films about talking animals with ca...
 The cliché of the shell-shocked soldier home f...
 I first saw this as a child living in East Lon...
 What the *bliep* is it with this movie? Couldn...
 This is a wonderful movie, and I still love it...
 This movie was bad to say the least!!! The ple...
 Although a made for cable film by HBO, it is a...
 Back when Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger were a...
 December holiday specials, like the original F...
 Someone here actually compared this movie in s...
 "Graduation Day" was released in May 1981, dur...
 All Dogs Go To Heaven Is The Most Cutest Anima...
 This is an action Western. James Steart leads ...
 I'm still new to the Krimi genre and the only ...
 Once upon a time Theresa Russell made a few ha...
 It's not real flashy, but this movie does a gr...
 Ah yes, the VS series, MVC2 being the pinnacle...
 How is it possible to like and dislike the sam...
 Lets enter the world of this movie for a secon...
 I remember seeing this movie shown several yea...
 It has very bad acting. Bad story lines. Bad c...
 Who wrote this flick? An uninspired 15 year-ol...
 the only enjoyable thing about this highly moc...
 eXistenZ was a good film, at the first I was w...
 And yet another run of South Park comes to an ...
 Seagal needs to get back to basics breaking bo...
 This movie had an excellent premise, and could...
 Series as a whole - Jim Henson's best work. Jo...
 Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters is an art-hou...
 !!!! MILD SPOILERS !!!!<br /><br />The premise...
 IF ANYONE IS INTERESTED IN OBTAINING A COPY OF...
 this film was brilliant! i absolutely loved it...
 I used to enjoy "Happy Ever After", but was ab...
 I saw this movie by luck, just because I was g...
 Don't let the title trick you into watching th...
 It was the tag-line "in the tradition of Ameri...
 William Shakespeare's plays are classified as ...
 I saw the trailers of this movie and found the...
 Blank Check is easily one of the worst films o...
 Story starts slow and nothing funny happens fo...
 ****SPOILERS**** The film "Sniper" is undoubte...
 The Youth In Us is a pitch-perfect gem. I saw ...
 Maléfique is a very interesting movie. It is a...
 This is a great, dark, offbeat little film, a ...
 Being a big fan of Stanley Kubrick's Clockwork...
 Sophia Loren plays Aida, in one of the worst f...
 I switched this on (from cable) on a whim and ...
 I mostly rented this movie to see Shannon Eliz...
 Who in their right mind plays a lyrical song a...
 I find it rather useless to comment on this "m...
 in fact,it's basically the same movie.and they...
 Japanese indie film with humor and philosophy ...
 I kind of consider myself as the #1 fan of Hid...
 I'll admit to being biased when I reviewed thi...
 Everything a musical comedy should be. Gene Ke...
 This is surprisingly above average slasher, th...
 While the premise of the film is pretty lame (...
 Hey what a great idea to open a film - show so...
 After a chance encounter on the train, a young...
 This show is so incredibly hilarious that I co...
 Bill, Jeremy Theobald, is an inspiring writer ...
 Saw this movie when it came out and then a cou...
 I really enjoyed this film, it definitely keep...
 Very violent and nicely filmed movie. Paulina ...
 It seems to me that Stephen King's "Bachman" p...
 I was wondering if there was a place or a link...
 I occasionally see some of this show because m...
 This could have been a very good film, a very ...
 "Sex and the City" has some great things going...
 Ah, the 1970's. A time when it was in to be a ...
 I saw this film yesterday. I must admit, it we...
 After seeing all the Jesse James, Quantrill, j...
 If you know anything about the Manhattan Proje...
 Has this ever happened to you? I go into my lo...
 I just sat through a very enjoyable fast paced...
 I saw bits and pieces of this on TV once, and ...
 "Flashdance" meets "Meatballs III" or maybe it...
 When I saw this "documentary", I was disappoin...
 Since frame number 1 you know the good guy in ...
 Not as bad as some are making it out to be, th...
 The United States was still fighting World War...
 I wish more movies were two hours long. On the...
 This documentary is at its best when it is sim...
 Cary Grant, Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Victor M...
 D'Amato's hardcore/horror hybrid doesn't reall...
 What the (beep) is going wrong with Disney the...
 This is probably one of the worst movies I hav...
 I just saw this movie tonight, opening night. ...
 Just as a reminder to anyone just now reading ...
 Very well done and spooky horror movie from po...
 Okay, here's what I think about Jack Frost. I ...
 I was very pleased to go and see a "Milanese" ...
 Not since Caligula have I considered turning o...
 Whoa boy.<br /><br />Ever wanted to watch a do...
 Renowned Czech actor Vlastimil Brodský, mostly...
 This film screened last night at Austin's Para...
 Now I myself am a lover of the B movie genre b...
 Ossessione is in very bad state but is now und...
 I attended a screening of 'The Cooler' at the ...
 jeez, when i heard this movie was a NATIONAL L...
 If you have seen the Sholay of 1975, Don't wat...
 Silly comedy casts an embarrassed-seeming Ray ...
 Its not sophisticated, and nobody in the credi...
 I saw this movie twice through a pentecostal c...
 This movie looked like it was shot with a vide...
 Just looking at the sets, staging and editing ...
 I find Alan Jacobs review very accurate concer...
 Anybody interested what black film making was ...
 The film begins with Vincent Price about to be...
 The film was shot at Movie Flats, just off rou...
 Eddie Murphy's "Delirious" is completely and t...
 I saw Roger Moore huffing it on the scenes tha...
 As a fan of nearly any period drama, and at th...
 So I was energized during my Snakes on a Plane...
 If people didn't know who Barbra Streisand was...
 I will begin by saying I am very pleased with ...
 I last read a Nancy Drew book about 20 years a...
 I finally got to have a look at this experimen...
 Everybody who wants to be an editor should wat...
 Rita Hayworth plays a Brooklyn nightclub dance...
 I'm not much of an expert on acting or other m...
 I thought it was going to be a lousy movie, ho...
 This movie is not as good as all the movies of...
 As I work at a video store, I found it to be m...
 Well, I don't think the picture is as bad as m...
 It is nice to see Suraj Barjatya back at what ...
 I agree with the last reviewer that this movie...
 This movie was horrible and the only reason it...
 At long last! One of Michael Jackson's most we...
 Clara Bow (Hula Calhoun) is daughter of planta...
 This film is a refreshing change of pace from ...
 "The Love Letter" is one of those movies that ...
 Except for acknowledging some nice cinematogra...
 My friends and I went into this movie not know...
 Visually stunning and full of Eastern Philosop...
 Exclusively for Coop's lovers, though Clint Ea...
 "With all the misery in the world, how can we ...
 If you would have asked me 1 month ago how thi...
 This, the direct-to-video death rattle of the ...
 Wow. After seeing this film, you will know why...
 I saw this on cable. Someone had to lose their...
 I watched this because of the description and ...
 First of all, Riget is wonderful. Good comedy ...
 <br /><br />First of all, I reviewed this docu...
 In one sense, I kind of liked this movie becau...
 When I was chairman of our college's coffeehou...
 I love this film...! I've seen it 1000 x on dv...
 It was 9:30 PM last night at my friend's campi...
 Thanks should be given to the Hong Kong VCD/DV...
 A really wonderful cast and very talented tech...
 There's really no way to beat around the bush ...
 A man discovers that his parents were part of ...
 I couldn't wait to get my hands on this one, w...
 i enjoyed this film immensely, due to pungent ...
 Overall, this is a pretty bad film. But for $5...
 First off - there's absolutely no flirting goi...
 'Illuminata' has expanded the limits of John T...
 Well, the Sci-Fi channel keeps churning these ...
 The debut that plucked from obscurity one of t...
 From the second the music swelled (second one ...
 Where's Michael Caine when you need him? I've ...
 Who could possibly have wished for a sequel to...
 Anyone who has spent time working in a hospita...
 This may not be a memorable classic, but it is...
 This was really one of the most enjoyable spec...
 Left Behind is the kind of "we know what we kn...
 The Detonator is set in Bucharest where some s...
 hello all Denver fans!<br /><br />i couldn't a...
 Samuel Fuller knows war, and is one of the onl...
 James Aaron, a chubby actor living in Chicago,...
 The BBC and HBO teamed up to create "Dirty War...
 Ok I will sum up this movie... A bunch of skan...
 The only notable thing about this film is that...
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my...
 Les Visiteurs, the first movie about the medie...
 A study of one of those universally familiar, ...
 Why this movie has all but disappeared into ob...
 this particular title is very interesting. the...
 It's really unfortunate that most people outsi...
 We tend to forget that the master/slave contex...
 This must have been an embarrassment to every ...
 The biggest tragedy surrounding this thoroughl...
 Jack Brooks' quirks are, at first, somewhat ch...
 I recall years back, Michael Douglas wanted hi...
 Hollywood has made a lot of strange movies ove...
 Sweet, entertaining tale of a young 17 1/2 yea...
 I don't understand all these bad reviews. I be...
 To start this movie was sick. Here your wife i...
 I have just watched this movie for the first t...
 The 1970s are often regarded as a golden age o...
 Solino really moved me with its deeply drawn c...
 Crazy Six is torture, it must be Albert Pyun´s...
 I am not one of those people who just go onlin...
 The husband-and-wife team of Bennie Fields and...
 I am a VERY big Jim Carrey fan. I laughed my A...
 As a movie critic for several Dutch websites, ...
 Well, AWFUL is just the first name. This movie...
 Tarzan and Jane are living happily in the jung...
 Fairly appalling enterprise suggests Welsh to ...
 Although at one point I thought this was going...
 Of all the episodes of all series, this one ho...
 this is the first of a two part back-story to ...
 I am very surprised to see the good ratings fo...
 This is probably one of the worst movies ever ...
 You don't need to write a script for this tras...
 This movie is the final straw. As two dedicate...
 I saw this movie because it had a giant person...
 Not your ordinary movie, but a good one. Billy...
 ... Oxford, Mississippi, at least. Okay, the P...
 Admittedly, the only reason I watched this fil...
 Gene Hackman is a former Marine Corps colonel ...
 It's interesting to see what the director trie...
 This movie is bad. If you are thinking about w...
 I don't know whether to recommend this movie t...
 One of the worst movies I've ever seen. When I...
 Antwone Fisher's story of childhood neglect an...
 Negative numbers are not available to convey h...
 "Congo" is based on the best-selling novel by ...
 "Showtime" is a funny film starring funnymen R...
 I got seriously ripped off with this purchase....
 End of the World is an uneventful movie, which...
 I've always been a big Cybill Shepperd fan, ev...
 Wow. So my boyfriend and I went to the movie s...
 This film is not one of those films so bad you...
 I can't really say what I think about this mov...
 Let me start by saying I don't recall laughing...
 I have seen previous movies from Cédric Klapis...
 Universal Soldier: The Return is not the worst...
 I saw Dick Tracy when I was very young. I didn...
 I was disappointed with the third film in the ...
 Everyone is surely familiar with this most fam...
 This is a film that belongs firmly to the 50's...
 This movie lost me with the crossbow RPG (rock...
 I guess I only have myself to blame for the gi...
 Pity the Monkees. People always accused them o...
 I don't know how people can watch this - the o...
 The Running Man is one of those films that if ...
 Paul Verhoeven has one of the strangest oeuvre...
 If you're as huge of a fan of an author as I a...
 I have Never forgot this movie. All these year...
 This movie should be nominated for a new genre...
 Geniuses William Cameron Menzies and Herbert G...
 Reading the other comments here at the IMDB, I...
 This movie could very well have been a propaga...
 While this movie is not the most entertaining ...
 I saw "Brother's Shadow" at the Tribeca Film F...
 Saw this film in August at the 27th Annual Nat...
 When I was a kid I watched this many times ove...
 I was completely mislead by the comments on th...
 After the wife of a plastic surgeon dies, he g...
 In theory, 'Director's Commentary' should have...
 I give this marriage 3 years and thats stretch...
 I recently found this movie on VHS after looki...
 I bought this game on eBay having heard that i...
 Tom & Jerry are visiting Africa and disguise t...
 I must admit I did enjoy the earlier episodes,...
 I liked Half-Life. I am still it's fan. It was...
 LACKAWANNA BLUES is an entertaining, engrossin...
 The positives: It's shot pretty well. Has some...
 It is sad what they are letting into film fest...
 An American In Paris is an integrated musical,...
 Virile, but naive, big Joe Buck leaves his hom...
 SOME MAJOR SPOILERS, YOU'VE BEEN WARNED<br /><...
 I'm a big time horror fan, and I bought this m...
 I went to see this movie at the theater and pa...
 Let me begin by saying that I had been eagerly...
 Simply miserable Lana Turner-Ezio Pinza vehicl...
 This film definitely gets a thumbs up from me....
 Not having read Nabokov, and knowing nothing a...
 One of the flat-out drollest movies of all-tim...
 This is the third Three Stooges short that the...
 "New Best Friend" is another entry in the "ste...
 I love the beach boys and their music. So, bei...
 I wasn't expecting this to be a great movie, b...
 Sean Bean returns as Napoleonic hero Richard S...
 Several stowaways get on a Russian ship bound ...
 The Movie is okay. Meaning that I don't regret...
 The autobiography on which this movie is based...
 This slightly ponderous late 50's sci-fi-horro...
 I saw the world premiere at the Toronto Intern...
 R O B O T J O X.<br /><br />Burn the master.<b...
 Watching "The Fox and the Child" was an intoxi...
 This is one of my favourite comedy films. Chri...
 The actors were not believable, The story was ...
 Michael Myers, the deranged, not-so-young-anym...
 After Racism, Rural exodus -also known as migr...
 Famous and mysterious recluse Raymar, who's so...
 A stunning and thoughtful observation on moder...
 Having looked at some of the other comments he...
 I saw this film at the 2002 Toronto Internatio...
 "The True Story Of The Friendship That Shook S...
 A wonderful Christmas story on the moving them...
 This God forsaken film is about three dumb mil...
 In defense of this movie I must repeat what I ...
 This was one of those times when I had nothing...
 This movie used to be played constantly on the...
 This much anticipated DVD memento of Rush's vi...
 As if reality shows like "American Idol" weren...
 An orphan boy named Tom (Tommy Pender), who wo...
 Wow what an episode! After last week seeing Me...
 Complete entertainment! Although there are man...
 I found this movie on Netflix and had to add i...
 Uzak (2002), a Turkish film shown in the U.S. ...
 I go this game and it is alright I guess. I ju...
 Someone definitely has it in for The Wind and ...
 Time for Hollywood to sit up and take notice! ...
 All that talent.....but when ya have poor dire...
 This is one of the weirder movies I have recen...
 Miyazaki's Studio Ghibli shows his wonderful t...
 The first half of this movie was quite good. I...
 When originally screened in America in 1972, '...
 Contains spoilers<br /><br />"Hollow Man" is p...
 Spoiler warning.<br /><br />When the main char...
 I give this film 8/10 overall. Visually, a gre...
 Mary Pickford ("Born on the Fourth of July" as...
 In the spirit of the Great Space Coaster, but ...
 This apology for a movie is about absolutely n...
 Highly memorable, intelligent and suspenseful ...
 This movie was release when I was 15 and I cou...
 Firstly, this is NOT an adaptation of a Stephe...
 Tierney's an authentic tough guy, but this mov...
 This movie brought together some of the old Sp...
 This was the best film of 1998 and one of the ...
 I've seen this movie and I must say I'm very i...
 Without doubt, this is the worst movie I've ev...
 If you love cult 70's Sci-fi the way I do, or ...
 The subject of children being terminally ill i...
 I mean, come on! This movie had such nice pote...
 First off, the alien saves a little black boy ...
 This is one of those movies that you happen ac...
 This video was my first exposure to Eddie Izza...
 There are a number of things that are not corr...
 Saw this movie the first time while drunk at a...
 I've just seen this movie, and it made me cry....
 If it had been made 2 years later it would hav...
 I absolutely LOVE this movie and would really ...
 Being a fan of movies like "Fire Sale", "Where...
 The one-liners fly so fast in this movie that ...
 I couldn't believe the eye candy from start to...
 Key West, for too short a time was "appointmen...
 I really wanted to like The Pillow Book. Intri...
 The seasoned actors in this do know how to act...
 All in all, this is a movie for kids. We saw i...
 MONKEY is surely one of the best shows to have...
 Easily one of my three or four favorite films....
 Good action and interesting plot. Having seen ...
 One of the better made for TV biopics, I just ...
 Give me my money back! Give me my life back! G...
 The Kite Runner should win an Oscar! It's perf...
 I have watched my fair bit of Bollywood films ...
 CAMP BLOOD <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.33:1 (N...
 . . . and never, ever see it. Now, I've been w...
 Okay, so I have come a long way from Houston b...
 A group of model-caliber San Francisco women w...
 remember back when this movie was made by robe...
 The wind and the lion is a marvelous sweeping ...
 Low budget, but still creepy enough to hold yo...
 First, let me state that I have no idea who No...
 HBO created this show for purposes of making u...
 As a another reviewer states Hanna's War is an...
 This film makes Clooney. All his films combine...
 It's a shame that someone so idolised by many ...
 Imagine you have the opportunity to see yourse...
 I see a lot of really negative posts by people...
 Rainbow Brite and the star Stealer is not for ...
 I grew up Baptist and I know the story this mo...
 When I first saw Colleen Moore it was in the e...
 I loved this film and recommend it to anyone w...
 H.G. Wells story the shape of things to come w...
 It helps if you understand Czech and can see t...
 Of all the seasons and episodes of THE TWILIGH...
 I really enjoyed this movie. Britney is an exc...
 This is a great little movie, full of interest...
 This movie is a lot of fun. The actors really ...
 The feature length CGI movie has just been rel...
 WOW! What a horrible, hideous waste of time th...
 Dillon, Fishbourne, Reno, should have teamed u...
 I saw a special advance screening of this toda...
 As long as there's been 3d technology, (1950's...
 For a movie like this, there's always somethin...
 I have found this movie available for streamin...
 This is one of the best reunion specials ever,...
 This is my second time through for A Perfect S...
 I had read an article about Dan Jansen's Olymp...
 This is one of the oddest movies I have watche...
 Honestly, I can't be bothered to spend my time...
 I always enjoy watching this cartoon, with Syl...
 I know that Chill Wills usually played lovable...
 TIGERLAND / (2000) ***1/2 (out of four)<br /><...
 Two popular actors are paired in showtime like...
 I will never forget the wit and great comedy o...
 I need help identifying an episode of King of ...
 After being off the air for a while, Columbo r...
 If you loved the early-60's version of "The Ti...
 This HAS to be the worst movie I've ever attem...
 I think I truly love this film . "Prix de Beau...
 The Last Hunt is one of the few westerns ever ...
 This is a catastrophe movie set in London . St...
 An annoying and talentless American documentar...
 When Melville's "Pierre; or The Ambiguities" h...
 There was a time when the Alien series was a s...
 This is a movie that really makes you think ab...
 It is cheese. If all you want is a video game,...
 First of all i want to say Ang Lee Did a very ...
 I really like 101 Dalmations when it came out ...
 OK, I admit I watched this movie on Mystery Sc...
 tom had a wish to make film for a long time an...
 very disappointing and incoherent - every now ...
 I'm not sure what version of the film I saw, b...
 I have a 4yr old daughter, and before this mov...
 I never actually thought that a film could be ...
 I love the depiction of the 30s and 40s in fil...
 Oh Dear, Jerry may be the undisputed king of t...
 "Power Play" starts off interesting but it goe...
 Because Mr. Bean almost never speaks, I hearti...
 Royal Rumble 1988 bored me pretty damn good. T...
 That's not the sound of bees, that's the effec...
 Nuri Bilge Ceylan's 2002 film Distant (Uzak)- ...
 So much for JUDGE AND JURY, which lives up to ...
 I highly recommend this movie to everyone. My ...
 Well , I come from Bulgaria where it 's almost...
 I liked the film. Some of the action scenes we...
 I'm not in favor of death penalties but in thi...
 Pufnstuf is what it is. I saw this in the cine...
 This is the most saccharine romance I ever sat...
 I get the feeling a lot of people liked this m...
 This movie was amazing!!!! From beginning to e...
 WHEN I first saw this film, in London, in 1958...
 One of the most pleasurable aspects of movie v...
 Bollywood fans pretty much hold Amitabh Bachan...
 Yes, a true classic! This is what British dram...
 Don't know what film or version Jeff saw, but ...
 "A Gentleman's Game" uses the game of golf in ...
 Ride With the Devil has something rich and spe...
 What a ridiculous waste of time and money!!!! ...
 The performances were superb, the costumes del...
 The movie is about a day in the life of a woma...
 "Little Man", now on DVD, is a Wayans Brothers...
 I hardly know where to begin.<br /><br />Huge ...
 The movie starts off promisingly enough, the u...
 the movie touches the soul of the audience ver...
 Playing out as a sort of pre runner to The Gre...
 Three teenage girls in an incomplete triangula...
 Cruddy, innocent..no smoking, drinking or bike...
 Well this is the first post am ever commenting...
 You have to acknowledge Cimino's contribution ...
 This has got to go down as almost one of the w...
 Because Disney more often than not, ignores th...
 Terry and June was one of the classic British ...
 The "Confidential" part was meant to piggy-bac...
 "Rififi" is a terrific heist movie, and one fr...
 Bette Midler is the best thing about this movi...
 More than just a "kids' movie", "Holes" looks ...
 I've never given a movie a ten out of ten befo...
 Way back in 1955, the British made a comedy ca...
 I wanted to vote zero or lower. I loved the co...
 Non existent plot, tons of poorly directed / s...
 When I was younger I saw the end of HAIR on TV...
 The Academy Award winning 'Kramer vs. Kramer' ...
 This film is a travesty, and isn't fit to keep...
 I have been known to fall asleep during films,...
 Shakespeare's "The Tempest" is a model for thi...
 I finally got myself set up on mail order DVD ...
 Sudden Impact is a two pronged story. Harry is...
 Until today, I thought there only three people...
 When you want to celebrate life and love, espe...
 Comparison with American Graffiti is inevitabl...
 No,I'm not a radical feminst bashing the henta...
 Needful Things was one of my favorite Stephen ...
 Normally I would have given this movie a 6. It...
 It's very easy to figure out why The New Profe...
 Boring, cliched and predictable. The only orig...
 It was "The Night HE Came Home," warned the po...
 If you are ever in the mood for a truly terrib...
 Growing up in NYC in the late 80's/early 90's ...
 Man, what an awful film. As with many terrible...
 To call this episode brilliant feels like too ...
 I wasn't alive in the 60's, so I can't guarant...
 Barricade finds Alice Faye without any songs a...
 I'm sure to people watching this move outside ...
 The English are a little too evil, the Scots a...
 This was an excellent movie! I saw this at the...
 Loved it but still have nightmares over the ho...
 "Back in the Day" is an interesting, but flawe...
 I saw the MST3K version of this film and it is...
 I guess this is meant to be a sort of reworkin...
 Where the Rivers Flow North is a well-told sto...
 - A Mexican priest becomes a wrestler to save ...
 I saw this video at a friends house, and it wa...
 I saw this last night and voted it an "8". Sin...
 This movie is VERY LONG, but totally worth spl...
 The director states in the Behind-the-Scenes f...
 Surprisingly enough does movie does have some ...
 "Cat In The Brain" is a series of extremely vi...
 A coach who used to be good, but has had to mo...
 Im still in doubt if this is just a horrible m...
 Me being of Irish origins, loved this movie, N...
 "The big goodbye" introduces us to the first h...
 I saw it in a posh movie theater where the aud...
 Ghilli is the best movie of vijay & one of the...
 There are enough sad stories about women and t...
 I really liked this movie. Kurt manages to act...
 I just bought this movie yesterday night, and ...
 Sometimes there's a film so bad that you just ...
 A Damsel in Distress is a delight because of t...
 I think that would have been a more appropriat...
 Rented the video with a lot of expectations, b...
 Gritty, dusty western from director Richard Br...
 This is one of Stan Laurel's best solo comedy'...
 I didn't like Underdog!I mean it was really un...
 Great entertainment from start to the end. Won...
 ...........as I was when I saw this movie) I w...
 Although I like Kurt Vonnegut, I'm not particu...
 Another comedy about a plucky little country s...
 Two days ago I got a chance to watch this movi...
 The creator of Donnie Darko brings you a twili...
 The VHS cover for The Evil Below makes it look...
 My God. This movie was awful. I can't complain...
 First and foremost this movie has the stupides...
 Alice enters in a world of wonder... but not t...
 I saw this on a boring Sunday morning just thi...
 I watched this on a whim because it was availa...
 The Nutcracker has always been a somewhat prob...
 Kurt Russell is at his best as the man who liv...
 This movie reminds me of 'Eternal Sunshine of ...
 This is an excellent film dealing with a poten...
 I'm a huge fan of the Dukes of Hazzard TV show...
 I could not, for the life of me, follow, figur...
 This is a must-see movie. You will laugh, you ...
 I was recently online looking at a site that f...
 Seriously the only good thing about this year ...
 One of the latest (disaster) movies from York ...
 I was an usherette in an old theater in Northe...
 Remember the name Kevin Lime - and please, ple...
 Please -- if you haven't attempted to sit thro...
 ... and if you're very, very good it will rese...
 Just watched this film on TV and it was awesom...
 The Ali G character works brilliantly within t...
 I watched this video at a friend's house. I'm ...
 I appreciate movies like this: smart and well-...
 Wow, this film was terrible. It is as simple a...
 I saw this on Zone horror and fully expected i...
 i saw this before 'bubba ho-tep' at the fantas...
 Ko to tamo peva is the best comedy of all time...
 This belabored and sloppy spy melodrama featur...
 This movie is one of my favorites because it m...
 If this movie had a point I never discovered i...
 My 7-year-old daughter loved it, as Disney exe...
 Ocean's twelve is probably better than Ocean's...
 Granny is definitely one of the worst horror m...
 Saw this on French TV today and was most disap...
 not your typical vamp story, not bram stoker o...
 I will be honest, i rented this movie solely o...
 I think that this movie is actually entertaini...
 To put it simply, Mind of Mencia is the worst,...
 We actually watched this twice in the theater ...
 Propaganda pro-American war effort film that c...
 I did not like this film at all: The scenario ...
 King's Solomon's Mines brings us Patrick Swayz...
 Without a doubt, this is one of the worst pict...
 EDDIE MURPHY DELIRIOUS is easily the funniest ...
 OK, I am not a professional movie critic but c...
 In Reunion Island in the Indian Ocean, the own...
 I may very well be one of the few who really s...
 Yep, lots of shouting, screaming, cheering, ar...
 This should have been a moody, gritty, movie w...
 yeah..that's what the station disclaimer state...
 The movie had a cute opening, I truly believed...
 After watching the Steven Spielberg version of...
 /The first episode I saw of Lost made me think...
 DOC SAVAGE: THE MAN OF BRONZE (1 outta 5 stars...
 I just finished a marathon of this series, and...
 Having the opportunity to watch some of the fi...
 Drawing Restraint 9. dir: Matthew Barney.<br /...
 Excellent performances and a solid, but not ov...
 When I bought this film, I expected to get a f...
 Wow.. I just saw this movie on the Sundance Ch...
 WHENEVER an idea was successful during those "...
 In Luchino Visconti's film Death in Venice, it...
 I hate this movie. I hate the show. i hate jus...
 While I do not think this was a perfect 10, I ...
 This movie was astonishing how good it was! Th...
 Why are the previews so blah for a movie that ...
 SPOILERS AHEAD------------------------- Mel ha...
 I bought this a year or more ago for $2 (yep, ...
 The Blob is a classic 1950s B-movie sci-fi fli...
 Wow, I was told this would be a B movie worth ...
 Excellent Piece of work!<br /><br />I am not a...
 This picture hit the movie screens on June 6th...
 Maybe this movie was actually intended to be s...
 Well, the big money machine has done it again!...
 Beautifully made with a wonderful performance ...
 Dull, cheap sci-fi thriller, made with an almo...
 In the last 10 years I have worked in 3 differ...
 I actually first watched One Dark Night in the...
 Working the night shift in a seedy police stat...
 Like another reviewer said, this movie is not ...
 Mind, my friends and I saw the movie based off...
 Now, this movie is the worst i have ever seen!...
 "Autumn Spring" tells of the misadventures of ...
 - The Best Bit : When the dull mobster (Nichol...
 This movie was kind of interesting...I had to ...
 I expected this film to be a run-of-the-mill 1...
 In England we often feel very attached to Brit...
 This film is one of the classics of cinema his...
 The pakage implies that Warren Beatty and Gold...
 With No Dead Heroes you get stupid lines like ...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 Why are there no good reviews? Because this fi...
 Ho hum. Rich good looking kid gets in trouble,...
 This is a great concert which featured the bes...
 This is mostly a story about the growing relat...
 MY Father the hero is sweet, funny and cute. G...
 I actually didn't enjoy this movie.<br /><br /...
 I saw this movie in 1979, I was 17 or 18, when...
 Oh dear, Oh dear. I started watching this not ...
 If you are a Catalan nationalist anarcho-socia...
 I saw this play on Showtime some years back in...
 I loved this movie when I was a kid. I saw it ...
 Hey there Army Sgt. I'm sorry dude but being a...
 Just kidding, I rented 12 Monkeys the other da...
 I did my best to watch this two hour fiasco. I...
 I have an affection for these twists on Britis...
 Nemesis Game is a mind-bending film filled wit...
 I registered at IMDb solely for the purpose of...
 This movie is almost never seen today - the on...
 THE ZOMBIE CHRONICLES <br /><br />Aspect ratio...
 Forget the lousy acting, that can be forgiven ...
 Admirable but weak James Bond film mainly beca...
 It's so rare to find a film that provides a pl...
 The events of the 11th of September 2001 cast ...
 This is a true gem of corny sci-fi! Peter Cush...
 OK...time for a bit of a rant I think. It's be...
 Is torture ever right? No The answer is simple...
 I never finished this movie for a reason, it w...
 This movie is bufoonery! and I loved it! The "...
 What a real treat and quite unexpected. This i...
 Lots and lots of information to digest, and if...
 "Kicked in the Head" is all about the Corrigan...
 There was not one original idea in this story....
 This independent, B&W, DV feature consistently...
 What can you say about a movie whose funniest ...
 Okay maybe it was because I happen to be in Ya...
 Is this a bad movie?<br /><br />Of course, wha...
 This movie is apparently intended for a young,...
 I'm so happy I recorded this on VHS tape when ...
 Remade today, this film would be a very creepy...
 slow moving but smart. passes you by as if you...
 A best-selling book about honour killings in J...
 I watched 'Ice Age'in the movie theater and I ...
 Despite of all the negative criticism I really...
 While filming an 80's horror movie called 'Hot...
 A gang of bandits lead by the shrewd, rugged, ...
 This film has all the earmarks of too many coo...
 It looks to me as if the creators of "The Clas...
 What of Domino did I hate over everything, and...
 Now after watching The Advent Children twice, ...
 It is always a nice suprise when a film made f...
 magellan33 said: "You can only do so much when...
 A professional production with quality actors ...
 ...a film comes along that manages to be absol...
 In a very-near-future world, a corrupt governm...
 This movie is worth seeing for the visual beau...
 This has to be the best movie of all time (in ...
 A young man, named Danny, has run away from ho...
 I rented this movie from my local library and ...
 I have recently found this film on one of my h...
 I know this film has had a fairly rough ride f...
 Suffice to say that - despite the odd ludicrou...
 I've seen various Hamlets, and I've taught the...
 American movies about war and Nazis simply can...
 I saw this many years after the television ser...
 Wouldn't it be great if Not Another Teen Movie...
 This is not so much film as big budget childre...
 I just finished watching this movie and I foun...
 i love horror films, low budget, 50's, 60's, 7...
 To call a film boring is not something I would...
 Screening as part of a series of funny shorts ...
 This movie could have been a decent B-movie if...
 First off I'll be the first to admit that the ...
 I've now watched all four Bo Derek vehicles di...
 Nothing more than a soccer knock-off of The Mi...
 Toy Soldiers is an okay action movie but what ...
 Not that much things happen in this movie but ...
 While my kids enjoyed the movie (and announced...
 I have seen this movie since I was a little gi...
 Its unfortunate that someone decided to spin o...
 Back when in the States, I was like about 7 or...
 As with many other pop-culture franchise serie...
 I agree that this film achieved its goals perf...
 Imaginative, quick-paced, satirical! Americans...
 Good drama/comedy, with two good performances ...
 The Play Macbeth was written by William Shakes...
 I went to see this movie not expecting much, b...
 When I saw the trailer for this film, I said o...
 I always said that the animated Batman movies ...
 Clever, gritty, witty, fast-paced, sexy, extra...
 Now what's wrong with the actors that took par...
 Randolph Scott is leaving the USA for the gree...
 Family Guy has been hilarious for so long but ...
 Gordon goes over the top in typical Full Moon ...
 Time paradoxes are the devil's snare for under...
 Part of the enjoyment that I took from this fi...
 A surprisingly complex and well crafted study ...
 Years ago, I used to watch bad movies delibera...
 I own almost every Seagal movie (yes even ones...
 This film is really cool. every thing looks li...
 In a farcical key, Gaudí Afternoons can be tak...
 This movie's one redeemable quality (besides A...
 Am glad that i am not the only one to find thi...
 When you think of brilliant Australian comedy ...
 'Iedereen Beroemd' has everything we can expec...
 The movie gets to the guts of the tension betw...
 Just Desserts was, I must say, one of the wors...
 The sun was not shining, it was too wet to pla...
 Every time I hear Karen Carpenter's voice, the...
 This low-budget film about a writer who goes t...
 Bam Margera of the Jackass fame is back with h...
 Riding Giants<br /><br />This documentary trac...
 There's something about a movie that features ...
 When Nathaniel Kahn embarked into this voyage,...
 I decided to watch this movie in order to fall...
 This comic classic of English school girl anti...
 Why review good movies when you can review "Tr...
 This film deals with the atrocity in Derry 30 ...
 Admittedly, there are some scenes in this movi...
 This movie was so bad, outdated and stupid tha...
 I've only seen this film once when it was show...
 In spite of its high-minded ambitions, Zurlini...
 Oh... my... god... this is without a doubt the...
 I won't go to a generalization, and say it's t...
 This movie was a disappointment. I was looking...
 "Ghost Son" is Lamberto Bava's best film and, ...
 This was the typical women prison movie. I tho...
 Isabel Allende's magical, lyrical novel about ...
 I didn't know what to expect from the film. We...
 The Women is a cute movie about women at all a...
 The bad news is it's still really dreadful. I ...
 This movie was a poor movie. The plot was poor...
 This movie tries to rip off Predator, but that...
 ... just look at the poor Robert Webber charac...
 This was a great movie! Even though there was ...
 I own this movie. I've seen it over 20 times a...
 Honestly, the only reason I picked up this mov...
 I just watched this movie today and not only i...
 Aside from Frank Kress (who played Abraham Gen...
 Before I saw this film, I read the comment of ...
 Whoa!Terrible, terrible, terrible, terrible, d...
 Walter Matthau is best remembered for the long...
 Prisons are not exactly renowned for their kin...
 You'll feel like you've experienced a vacation...
 This film was terrible. I thought it would be ...
 Jack Frost returns with an army of Styrofoam b...
 'Presque rien' is a story of two young boys fa...
 I watched the entire movie recognizing the par...
 So often a band will get together for a re-uni...
 I couldn't believe my eyes once I've watched t...
 A great idea: 11 stories about 11 September. 1...
 The biggest reason I had to see this movie was...
 I first watched this show hoping for a few lau...
 in one of Neil Simon's best plays. Creaky, cra...
 Hilarious show with so many great stories, tha...
 One of the best movies ever, the idea of a dou...
 Why do people bitch about this movie and not a...
 If you expect that this movie is full of actio...
 I found the movie to be very light and enjoyab...
 I rented this movie on DVD. I knew that the mo...
 What I wouldn't do to give this film a re-writ...
 The trouble with this sort of lyrical film-mak...
 This is a good example a film that in spite of...
 Lackawanna Blues is a very moving film depicti...
 I was one of those "few Americans" that grew u...
 Fact: Stargate SG-1 is a cheesy sci-fi TV seri...
 It doesn't even merit a review, other than as ...
 Yet another cookie-cutter movie about a harden...
 I just finished watching this film and think i...
 For me every piece of art is to be judged by t...
 Carly Jones (Elisha Curtberth), her bad boy br...
 Is there a fire fighter cliché that is NOT use...
 A Classic Hollywood Biopic is the best sense o...
 There's only one thing I need to say about thi...
 I hafta watch crap like this all the way throu...
 This is a funny, intelligent and, in a sense, ...
 This movie isn't terrible, really. Somebody co...
 Dreamquest is by far, the best porn movie I've...
 I've discovered this movie accidentally and it...
 I saw this film at the 3rd Adelaide Internatio...
 My god, what's going on? a Uwe Boll film and p...
 I can't believe this show is still rating a 9 ...
 Consider "I Know All" Action hero is lighting ...
 If you're looking for a typical war movie, thi...
 This is a typically fast-moving entertaining m...
 Not being a particular fan of westerns, I watc...
 2 deathly unfunny girls stays a their deathly ...
 (Rating: 21 by The Film Snob.) (See our blog W...
 Sisters In Law is made by the same directors o...
 Watching this PPV, I had high expectations for...
 I was a hippie age 22 in 1965, have seen the p...
 Tigerland is one of the finest films that i ha...
 DeCoteau has to be one of the worst "directors...
 This is one of my favorite family movies. Love...
 Thankfully I watched this film alone, enabling...
 I still remember watching Satya for the first ...
 I rented this film out of the local video stor...
 Expecting to see a "cute little film" from mai...
 Well, I had to be generous and give this a 2. ...
 Boogie Nights is full of surprises, nothing qu...
 While the 'special effects' and technical attr...
 OK, so the FX are not high budget. But this st...
 I saw this film last night (about 102 minutes)...
 This is a big disappointment. The main problem...
 Otto Preminger's noir classic works almost as ...
 Corridors of time. The movie you can watch if ...
 In my opinion, this is a pretty good celebrity...
 Despite the overwhelming cult following for th...
 Fires on The Plain (1959) ****<br /><br />You ...
 Eric Rohmer's 'The Lady and the Duke' is based...
 Leos Carax has made 3 great movies: Boys Meet ...
 Let me start by saying that I'd read a number ...
 First and foremost I would like to say that I'...
 May be I don't get it right. I mean the movie....
 Based on the 1952 autobiography "A Many-Splend...
 This is a movie about making a movie. Such mov...
 Ridiculous-looking little boogers that spawn f...
 This movie is a classic in every sense of the ...
 Randall "Memphis" Raines is a retired master c...
 I'm not usually one to slate a film . I try to...
 I've been looking forward to watching "Wirey S...
 The short that starts this film is the true fo...
 We don't have this on television in England bu...
 I was very impressed with this film from newco...
 If Todd Sheets were to come out and admit that...
 I don't know, but the movie was just too simil...
 The premise is ridiculous, the characters unbe...
 Who was George C. Scott? George C. Scott was a...
 I must say I'm an avid horror movie fan, and c...
 Saw it as many times as I could before it left...
 I went to see this movie with a crowd that con...
 The Grudge 2 is one of the films that makes me...
 One of the better teen comedies to be filmed d...
 Mixed group of "experts" (explorers, divers an...
 THE SEA INSIDE (2004) **** Javier Bardem, Bele...
 I was a junior in high school when "Flesh" hit...
 Lame, ridiculous and absurd. My 6 year old son...
 i usually don't write reviews but i can't unde...
 ===========BIG SPOILER========================...
 I turned this off about 50 minutes into it! Wh...
 What can one say about Elvira that hasn't alre...
 Words fail me.<br /><br />And that isn't commo...
 This was an appallingly bad film! Ashley Rose ...
 I purchased the DVD set on a recommendation fr...
 In the previews, "The 40 Year-Old Virgin" boas...
 This is a new Barbie movie. The graphics were ...
 I began watching this movie on t.v. some weeks...
 This film has the look and feel of a Student f...
 National Lampoon's Class Reunion is a classic ...
 I went to see Hamlet because I was in between ...
 *SPOILERS AHEAD*<br /><br />Great WrestleMania...
 This film is an attempt to present Jared Diamo...
 This should have been a short film, nothing mo...
 I've seen this movie a few times and with each...
 This movie is astonishingly poor. It was on te...
 I didn't have very high expectations about Jus...
 ****Excellent<br /><br />***Good<br /><br />**...
 There are shows and films I've seen and subseq...
 This is one of the most horrible 'scary' movie...
 Stalker is right! Girl sees guy, girl wants gu...
 On the face of it a film about women wanting t...
 One of the most frightening game experiences e...
 I first saw this when it was picked as a sugge...
 This is a ravishing, yet spare adaption of Tho...
 Serum starts as Eddie (Derek Phillips) is deli...
 Although I really enjoyed Jim Carrey's latest ...
 The movie is just plain fun....maybe more fun ...
 This is a really stupid movie in that typical ...
 One would have to be very jaded indeed not to ...
 After watching many of the "Next Action Star" ...
 Prominent attorney Walter Pidgeon takes a murd...
 Most of Kieslowski's films seem like puzzles t...
 Just saw the movie, it's actually pretty good....
 I saw the movie recently and really liked it. ...
 Simply awful. I'm including a spoiler warning ...
 Okay, now what the hell is this supposed to be...
 Super original. Really great movie! James Fran...
 This is a gorgeous movie visually. The images ...
 For years, I've been a big fan of Park's work ...
 ****MINOR SPOILERS*** As a bad movie connoisse...
 A terrible film which is supposed to be an ind...
 I finally got a chance to settle in and compar...
 Wowwwwww, about an hour ago I finally finished...
 i love this show! it is amazing...i can never ...
 Sharky's Machine finds Burt Reynolds as a narc...
 American expatriate Jules Dassin makes an awar...
 ***Spoilers ahead*** My late childhood had two...
 I could not take my eyes off this movie when i...
 The Unborn is a pretty good low-budget horror ...
 I went to the cinema with two of my friends, a...
 I was lucky enough to watch this film in the r...
 "The missing star", who competed for the Golde...
 "Dead Man Walking" is a piece of incredible fi...
 It has to be admitted that the best work of Ha...
 It is really a shame that IMDb doesn't let you...
 This starts off bad, what with the three women...
 Sam Firstenberg's "Ninja 3:The Domination" mix...
 I will start this off by saying I couldn't get...
 National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 2: Cousi...
 I haven't written a review on IMDb for the lon...
 20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not onl...
 I wish I could have given this a Zero. Sure I'...
 I like British humor, I believe it's one of th...
 I was a fan of the book ever since third grade...
 Dakota Incident has to be one of the strangest...
 What a great cast and what a pathetic attempt ...
 This is one of the most calming, relaxing, and...
 I watch a TON of movies and enjoy the occasion...
 I got in to this excellent program in about se...
 I read this Thornton Wilder play last year in ...
 OK, admittedly as an Orthodox woman who LIVES ...
 didn't know anything about the film or that it...
 The idea of making a miniseries about the Berl...
 Dull haunted house thriller finds an American ...
 Edge Vs. Michaels-Boring in general (loved the...
 LIVE A LITTLE, LOVE A LITTLE is one of Elvis' ...
 An excellent story well told by the film maker...
 I feel privileged to have accidentally seen th...
 The dog can act...unfortunately nobody else in...
 This movie is George C. Scott at his very best...
 I really liked this movie. One thing I have no...
 What was the point of this movie? What was the...
 Burt Reynolds' riposte to Clint Eastwood encro...
 The problem with family dramas is that, outsid...
 Somehow, somewhere, someplace.. you GOTTA see ...
 I thought this was one of the best movies I've...
 I was aware of Rohmer's admiration for the lat...
 Great battle finale and nice sets help keep th...
 The director Sidney J. Furie has created in Ho...
 I was forced to see this because a) I have an ...
 Ok i am a huge Traci fan so her just being in ...
 I saw only the first part of this series when ...
 Duncan Roy's writing and direction is really, ...
 I couldn't. I was bored, not just because the ...
 Some have praised -Atlantis:-The Lost Empire- ...
 lovely. i just love the movie. i want to see t...
 Bedrooms and Hallways is the kind of film that...
 As a kid I remember being nine or ten and lovi...
 I thought that this was the most interesting f...
 Something I think some people miss about great...
 It is wonderful to watch Roshan Seth (the stri...
 Of the spate of Austen films from the 1990s, t...
 I saw Fame when it first came out. It deals wi...
 This movie was completely stale and uninspired...
 It is hard to know what category to put this f...
 Made one year before ILSA, SHE-WOLF OF THE SS,...
 A kinda remake of PLANES TRAINS AND AUTOMOBILE...
 I just watched the documentary "Fog City Maver...
 I think Samuel Goldwyn was trying to accomplis...
 Ben a out-of-town cop is convinced his sister ...
 A linear travel within a non-linear structure....
 I have seen both the MST3K version and the unc...
 David Bryce's comments nearby are exceptionall...
 Arguebly Al Pacino's best role. He plays Tony ...
 I know that Full Moon, or any other film studi...
 I work at Memorial Hermann Hospital (TMC) and ...
 When the word "presents" finds its way into a ...
 This film was so well-paced that I don't think...
 This movie is ridiculous. Anyone saying the ac...
 just saw this film at resfest and was floored....
 beyond the fact crazy people exist and there a...
 This film's trailer interested me enough to wa...
 In the tradition of G-Men, The House On 92nd S...
 We bought the DVD of "Walking with Dinosaurs" ...
 This movie is everything a Tenacious D fans ca...
 OK, I am blessed. I have seen two very strong ...
 Terrible terrible movie for Television. Once a...
 I already know that critics and some audiences...
 Unlike most reviewers here, I hated this movie...
 it was very sensitive very deep. It's my favor...
 This movie was thought to be low budget but it...
 As a big fan of most modern fantasy movies, I ...
 As usual, i went to watch this movie for A.R.R...
 This television show, is a idiotic waste of ti...
 In general, I prefer horror movies that creep ...
 I wouldn't call it awful, but nothing at all s...
 Now this is more like it! The first movie had ...
 I was bored one night and Red Eye was on and t...
 The world at war is one of the best documentar...
 Abe Zwick perfected the one-off, beautifully. ...
 What a load of rubbish.. I can't even begin to...
 I can't believe I bought this movie on DVD. I ...
 If you have plenty of time to kill and the DVD...
 Predictable plot. Simple dialogue. Shockingly ...
 There is a phrase by the experimental filmmake...
 probably the worst creature feature ever,boa v...
 That's the only word I can think of to describ...
 I have seen a lot of PPV's in the past but thi...
 The first half of this film held some promise ...
 If you rent a movie titled "Exterminators of t...
 Nurse Betty is really an interesting movie. I ...
 I'm really tempted to reward "The Case of the ...
 I personally LOVE this film amidst the Hallowe...
 I loved Complete Savages! Why did they cancel ...
 This is a sort of hidden gem. It has little to...
 The documentary presents an original theory ab...
 One of the scariest movies I have ever seen wa...
 The main character Lance Barton gets killed an...
 I just want to say that Chris Diamantopoulos's...
 Ok, needless to say, this film is only going t...
 Top gun without the in-house animosity. Or cla...
 This is one of the greatest movies ever maybe ...
 Shame to see an interesting story diluted into...
 I saw this at The Tribeca Film Festival, in th...
 Clearly rips off Hideo Nakata's Ringu (Ring, 1...
 Although coming after three Star Wars, Krull &...
 This movie has a lot to recommend it. The pain...
 the more i think about it, there was nothing r...
 Where Da Vinci code introduced us to Dr. Rober...
 Its a good thing I rented the movie before see...
 This is a fan-made short film that pretends to...
 Everything was better in past days. Even child...
 I just watched this yesterday and wanted to re...
 BTK Killer, Green River Killer, Zodiac Killer;...
 This animated feature (a co-production between...
 Three girls (an all-female media-crew, includi...
 Bottom of the barrel, unimaginative, and pract...
 Well...i was going to wait till this came out ...
 Can they possibly get any worse than this? Pro...
 I found this a very entertaining small kids mo...
 This is a VERY underrated movie to say the lea...
 This movie was so bad, I thought I was going t...
 Like all Carnosaur movies, this is a joke. The...
 With the exception of the sound none of the ab...
 When I reviewed the video for a local magazine...
 There are questions that sometimes hover over ...
 I can't believe that the City of Muncie is so ...
 Ghosts That Still Walk is one of those films t...
 Great artists, always suffered while they were...
 I challenge you to watch this film and deny th...
 Reba is , without a doubt , one of the worst "...
 About 1986 I saw this movie by accident on TV ...
 Oh yes, I have to agree with the others who de...
 This is a very modest, very lovely movie with ...
 Nice combination of the giant monster and samu...
 I sit through movies like "Tiempo de valientes...
 i watch this film with horror in my heart beca...
 A depressed creepy teenager does many bad thin...
 Knowing how old a film is, ought to prepare th...
 The late 30s and early 40s were a golden age f...
 I expected a comedy like the "Big Mama" movies...
 Bonjour Tristesse covers similar ground as 'Th...
 The combination of the superb black and white ...
 For my money, probably the best film - or at l...
 I thought that this film was very well made, H...
 Genre: Dinosaur, animation, New York, time tra...
 If you like films that ramble with little plot...
 I am surprised that this, well above average 8...
 I saw this film as it was the second feature o...
 I have just wasted my Saturday night watching ...
 Extremely pinching vision of a war situation w...
 Caught this recently after noticing James Earl...
 The House of the Spirits is a gripping tale of...
 I love exotic science fiction/fantasy movies b...
 I have heard about this novel a long time ago,...
 This is certainly one of the most bizarre film...
 The movie is more of a mockumentary of corrupt...
 Jeremy Brett is simply the best Holmes ever, n...
 After reading the other reviews for this film ...
 Terry Gilliam's stunning feature-length adapta...
 A woman left alone after the death of her husb...
 Kazan's early film noir won an Oscar. Some of ...
 This show is dull, lame, and basically rips of...
 I made it about 8 minutes into "Steel Frontier...
 This movie should have been called "The Eyes o...
 Hood of the Living Dead and all of the other m...
 I'm a big mark for the music of Neil Young, an...
 Only a 9/10 from me, a perfect ten would have ...
 I'm going to make this short and sweet. It's n...
 NATURAL BORN KILLERS (1994)<br /><br />Cinema ...
 Now i like Johnny Vegas which is a good start,...
 The film starts in the Long Island Kennel Club...
 I saw this movie on TV back in the 60s and it ...
 Cecil B. DeMille directed a series of domestic...
 As a single woman over 40, I found this film e...
 Regarded by many critics as one of the biggest...
 This is not a movie you watch for entertainmen...
 After seeing Jeremy Brett as Sherlock Holmes, ...
 My mate and I chose to watch this obvious piec...
 It was the first action movie made in banned i...
 Considering that they wanted to do a vampire m...
 - Contains 1 spoiler, market with: ***** -<br ...
 Back in the days before the Toxic Avenger, the...
 When its DVD was released i came to market and...
 I loved this movie, it was cute and funny! Lau...
 I wonder how many MINI Cooper automobiles were...
 I'm not surprised that so many people fell for...
 Apparently there's a very good reason why I ne...
 As being selected during the Quinzaine des réa...
 If you pack all the clichés about city firefig...
 I have read a lot of books in my short lifetim...
 Of all the film noirs of the 1940s and 1950s, ...
 I liked this show a lot - we got the first and...
 They call this film "euro trash horror". <br /...
 With a film starring the Twins, Ekin Cheng and...
 Please, even if you are in the worst of the mo...
 I was not impressed about this film especially...
 I really enjoyed this movie. I have a real sen...
 Currently playing at the 2007 German Film Fest...
 I love and admire the Farrelly brothers! How c...
 A trio sit at a restaurant table and stare wor...
 Gary Cooper is a cool headed guy. Always liked...
 'Helen of Troy' follows the story of Helen and...
 It may not be a 10 out of 10 but for me the jo...
 We've been served - a terrible film.<br /><br ...
 After seeing this movie, I have no choice but ...
 Being a big fan of horror films and always man...
 When Pam Grier made COFFY in 1973, it was an e...
 This film just goes around in circles, and the...
 I saw this movie with an open mind, not knowin...
 European films may be slower-paced and less pl...
 Robin Williams gave a fine performance in The ...
 Every one should see this movie because each o...
 Though I really didn't feel anything for Lance...
 Contrary to most of the comments in this secti...
 I was just watching a Forensic Files marathon ...
 Legendary movie producer Walt Disney brought t...
 I think Trash really sucks. I watched it a cou...
 This is a great late night movie! What I mean ...
 The case of the Scorpion's tail is a highly st...
 Truly one of the most dire films I've ever sat...
 Irene Jacob is mesmerizing in this final insta...
 Made me think about it for days after seeing i...
 It's a hideous little production, apt to give ...
 David Chase's "The Sopranos" is perhaps the mo...
 "Son of the Mask" is a terrible excuse of a mo...
 <br /><br />I understand that people have diff...
 Cummings is falsely accused of sabotage and go...
 I saw this movie with the intention of not lik...
 I thought the original of this film was quaint...
 If I heard the male lead say "This is madness!...
 ***SPOILERS*** This movie - called EATEN ALIVE...
 Here's example number 87,358 of Hollywood's an...
 A really good Australian film .Beautifully rec...
 I must first mention that as a group of mates,...
 Another awful movie about hockey. I if never w...
 I don't understand the humor in this film. I a...
 The Maxx is a deep psychological introspective...
 An old saying goes "If you think you have prob...
 Carlos Mencia was excellent this is hour speci...
 I started to take a critical view on this adap...
 A film about the relationship between a man an...
 its not as good as the first movie,but its a g...
 Awful! Awful! Awful! No, I didn't like it. It ...
 I absolutely positively can't believe my fello...
 "Destroy All Planets" winds up settling for 'd...
 As I write this review in 2008, we are mired i...
 Short, but long enough, Cat Soup is a very wil...
 Not only is this movie a great film for basic ...
 Truly awful film made by cinematographer-turne...
 Some might say something like "Baby Geniuses" ...
 I enjoyed this film, perhaps because I had not...
 Tenshu is imprisoned and sentenced to death. W...
 this was a real guilt pleasure ... i saw the t...
 My boyfriend and I went to watch The Guardian....
 This entry is certainly interesting for series...
 STAR RATING: ***** The Works **** Just Misses ...
 Larry Bishop is 60-years old, dirty and not go...
 When I first heard that Hal Hartley was doing ...
 One reason Pixar has endured so well, and been...
 **Warning! Spoilers Ahead!**<br /><br />This s...
 Hollywood, the home of hype, glamor and the se...
 Eisenstein's first sound film retells the batt...
 i got a copy from the writer of this movie on ...
 When someone refers to the independent cinema ...
 Best thing I can say about this porno-horror f...
 I'm not sure what the appeal of this movie is,...
 Now don't get me wrong. If you need an insight...
 This is the second movie I saw for Horrorfest ...
 'Anita and Me' is a drama about growing up in ...
 Last year's remake of 'The Hills Have Eyes' wa...
 I saw this show about 3-4 years ago. It was da...
 What happens when someone has so much social a...
 This typical Mamet film delivers a quiet, even...
 This movie is so dull I spent half of it on IM...
 I saw this movie while it was under limited re...
 Personally, I enjoyed Cut thouroughly. It was ...
 This movie truly captures the feeling of freed...
 OK, so maybe it's because I'm from the North E...
 Really started the 80s trend of disgusting vio...
 'Grey Gardens'(1975) is the Maysles' brothers ...
 This is some of the worst acting I have ever s...
 Oh man, this s-u-c-k-e-d sucked.... I couldn't...
 This film was shot on location in Gerard Garde...
 I rarely even bother to watch comedic movies o...
 I watched this on cable because I was a big Le...
 Now look, I won't lie to you, but I only got t...
 EXTREMITIES is the disturbing, yet riveting sc...
 I had heard that this film was stylish and int...
 Andreas arrives in a strange, inhuman place, w...
 and it doesn't help rohmer's case that a few y...
 Before this little black-and-whiter, the touch...
 Red Rock West is one of those rare films that ...
 Just Before Dawn really surprised me when I sa...
 OK, I overrated it just a bit to offset at lea...
 In the ever growing film genre of comic book a...
 I really enjoyed the reunion a lot! I would ha...
 As a big Dostoyevsky fan, I had always been di...
 By the end of the first hour my jaw was nestle...
 It's worth boning up on the Hindu pantheon bef...
 Prix de Beauté was made on the cusp of the cha...
 In the film Kongwon-do ui him it features a re...
 Okay, during this past thanksgiving break, whi...
 I rarely make these comments but I felt compel...
 I've just seen The Saint Strikes Back for the ...
 "Snowball Express" from the Disney Studios isn...
 Absolutely the best thing I have ever seen on ...
 Wow, what an overrated movie this turned out t...
 Those who know who know the Kelly "legend" & a...
 ***SPOILERS*** Even though the movie "They Mad...
 <br /><br />A few years ago I bought a movie c...
 This film recreates Lindbergh's historic fligh...
 I'm glad that I saw this film after Mr.Sandler...
 Most of this film was okay, for a sequel of a ...
 Sean Astin pulls off another amazing performan...
 No Holds Barred is a movie that should in no w...
 Ecstasy (1933) (USA 1940) Starring Hedy Lamarr...
 As Jack Nicholson's directorial debut, Drive, ...
 I like the show, but come-on writers, get some...
 The premise of the film was very promising - s...
 I was all ready to pan this episode, seeing th...
 I totally agree that "Nothing" is a fantastic ...
 My wife and I watched this abortion from its b...
 I saw this movie so long ago, but it remains i...
 Six stars for Paul Newman's portrayal of Gener...
 I would have given this movie a 1, but I laugh...
 I have fond memories of watching this when it ...
 It's been quite some time since I've watched t...
 In France, it's considered polite from French ...
 My, my, my: Peter Cushing and Donald Pleasance...
 Despite having 6 different directors, this fan...
 HOLLOW MAN is one of the better horror films o...
 does anybody know why this movie is called the...
 The first look on the cover of this picture, i...
 I went to see this film because it was recomme...
 *some spoilers*<br /><br />I was pleasantly su...
 This was the first of Panahi's films that I ha...
 German nut case Jörg Buttgereit apparently has...
 Before I sat down and watched this film on HBO...
 I had suspicions the movie was going to be bad...
 This movie is based on the game series: Final ...
 "Horrible People" ought to be the subtitle of ...
 the IMDb guidelines state that you have to dec...
 Not long enough to be feature length and not a...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 I took my 4 year old twins to see this movie t...
 Patricia Hunter: Oh, professor, do you also ma...
 For real film people, this film is a must, sin...
 It's strange, while the film features full X-r...
 Yes!! They finally got it down to perfection. ...
 I only saw this recently but had been aware of...
 This is the final episode we deserved. At the ...
 Almost 30 years later I recall this original P...
 A couple of days after writing about how garba...
 I had the pleasure to view this film when I wa...
 ABC's version of the life of the late Pope: Th...
 Although many Billie Dove fans are delighted w...
 I dislike this movie a lot. If you've read the...
 This work is striking in its accurate depictio...
 "Classes tous risques" is one of the best "gan...
 This movie which was released directly on vide...
 Having loved 'Paris, Je T'aime', I highly anti...
 I saw Chan Is Missing when it first came out, ...
 Do not see "Mr. Magoo." It is one of the worst...
 All I can say after watching Snitch'd is pleas...
 I can always tell when something is going to b...
 I hope she can keep acting and directing. She'...
 Improvisation was used to a groundbreaking deg...
 This is a classic continuation to Bleu, the li...
 This show is terrible. I cannot get over the c...
 I can't believe currently this movie is rated ...
 I'm having as much fun reading the user commen...
 I came home late one night and turned on the T...
 This film is probably pro-Muslimization. <br /...
 what a preposterous story ,murder blackmail,ch...
 After seeing a preview for this film at my loc...
 Leonard can write lyrics, but he sure can't si...
 This is really terrible.<br /><br />The only r...
 Since Siskel's death and Ebert's absence the s...
 The perfect 6 step recipe for a boring middle ...
 I first heard of this film from a friend. She ...
 Watching John Cassavetes debut film is a stran...
 The Midnight Hour AKA: Tell Me No Lies (as fou...
 Really bad shot on video "film" made by not on...
 The problem with this movie is that it is tryi...
 I read that this did not well, that the story ...
 This movie is the second worst film that I hav...
 My wife and I loved this film. Smart dialogue,...
 Will they ever make movies without nudity and ...
 Not wishing to repeat what everyone else has n...
 Do not be misled. This is NOT a zombie movie. ...
 I would not like to comment on how good the mo...
 Simply put, Oliver! is one of the greatest mus...
 This is a poor film by any standard. The story...
 "I'll Take You There" tells of a woebegone man...
 Despite the all-star cast, this attempt at epi...
 "Dogmatic," as another reviewer described this...
 I've watched this movie twice now on DVD, and ...
 This was a great show...I don't remember much ...
 This is a great premise for a movie. The overa...
 Ali G Indahouse has got to be one of the funni...
 A dark, yet humorous tale involving a cop who ...
 It is well known that Irene Dunne could sing s...
 Unique movie about confused woman (Lindsay Cro...
 I have tried watching this show on several dif...
 First of all my heartfelt commiserations to an...
 True, the setting in Paris is great. The actor...
 Frank Langella steals my heart in everything h...
 The killings in this movie isn't that bad, but...
 Absolutely one of the worst movies of all time...
 Having been a fan of 'Columbo', I was sorely d...
 Private Practice is supposed to be a medical d...
 I didn't understand what that line meant... I ...
 The movie starts in Mexico where a girl has be...
 As with most viewers of this film, I'm an avid...
 In fact, everyone responsible for this dreck o...
 In watching this early DeMille work, it was on...
 OK. Finally, a horror film that's done well. A...
 Hope the summary line won't irritate you that ...
 Superb! Even the Author was laughing at the en...
 Mat Spirogolou's (Toby Malone) family know he ...
 Oh God! It could be a very interesting film an...
 First, there is NO way the remake can be as go...
 Henry (Don Ameche) turns up at the entrance to...
 (This review will have some very obvious spoil...
 In the aftermath of September 11th in New York...
 I must tell you the truth. The only reason I w...
 This movie deserves a 20/10 if I could give on...
 I thought this was a very good TV series and I...
 A still famous but decadent actor (Morgan Free...
 When it comes to movies, I don't easily discri...
 A skillfully directed film by Martin Ritt wher...
 James Cagney plays Richard Gargan (nicknamed "...
 Here we are: two travelers from a distant futu...
 What could have been an engaging-and emotional...
 Murder By Numbers is one of those movies that ...
 I just watched "The Last Wave" in my school's ...
 I am a German student so sorry for eventually ...
 Pretty good picture about a man being in the w...
 The threesome of Bill Boyd, Robert Armstrong, ...
 This one is tough to watch -- as an earlier re...
 I've been hearing a lot of this new bird flu t...
 I saw this movie when I was in Israel for the ...
 Horrendously acted and completely laughable ha...
 The movie is a total crap. We have two good ac...
 My Take: Typically routine and lazy straight t...
 My, Kasi Lemmings certainly is a fair looking ...
 This movie is "the" stupid comedy of the year,...
 I think "The Best of Times" was a lost cause f...
 Generally, I've found that if you don't hear a...
 Brooke Shields -- in a departure from her "Sud...
 "Shadows and Fog" is surely one of Woody Allen...
 Dreamland started out moderately interesting b...
 MELTDOWN is pretty interesting SCI-FI. No majo...
 My goodness is this movie bad. I was totally m...
 AWiP tries to be funny, scary, tense, and roma...
 This was an atrocious waste of my time. No plo...
 In the tradition of "neo" film noir flicks lik...
 Michael Kehoe has accomplished quite a feat, e...
 I bought this out of curiosity. How did John C...
 I very much enjoyed Bruce Almighty but the min...
 This movie i've loved since i was young! Its e...
 I found Code 46 very disappointing. I thought ...
 I saw this movie because every review I read o...
 This movie will confuse you to death. Furtherm...
 Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles. His perf...
 I found about the movie "Holes" by hearing fro...
 What does this movie have? Lots of gunfire and...
 <br /><br /> It's common knowledge and has bee...
 Just about everything in this movie is wrong, ...
 How can you tell that a horror movie is terrib...
 The Chinese film title of "In the Mood for Lov...
 When I first saw this movie in the theater I w...
 I would give this movie 5 rather than 3 if it ...
 With the exception of the main character, the ...
 The title comes from an alteration an adolesce...
 Alright, let me break it down for ya... Haggar...
 No one is going to mistake THE SQUALL for a go...
 We all know what Chan-wook Park can do. If you...
 This is a perfect example of the 90's mainstre...
 Greg Davis and Bryan Daly take some crazed sta...
 Horror omnibus films were popular in the seven...
 I actually saw THE EVIL on the big screen. I s...
 My gosh, this movie was nothing more than film...
 This is good movie that is flawed in many ways...
 This was truly a heart warming movie. It is fi...
 This movie is bad.<br /><br />This movie is RE...
 As a former Erasmus student I enjoyed this fil...
 An interesting TV movie based on true fact, be...
 This movie was really interesting... it also i...
 Many believe this movie is a baseball movie. S...
 Not even the most ardent stooge fan could poss...
 this movie is certainly worth a watch. it's fu...
 ...the world may never know. (The film that di...
 Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis) is unjustly accu...
 Before I speak my piece, I would like to make ...
 I love the movies and own the comics, the comi...
 May (Anne Reid) and Toots (Peter Vaughan) are ...
 More of a near miss than a flop, MR. IMPERIUM ...
 Red Rock West (1993)<br /><br />Nicolas Cage g...
 I don't think I'll ever understand the hate fo...
 In the Old west there are always the men who l...
 Very resistible but ultimately harmless film v...
 Following my experience of Finland for slightl...
 Eytan Fox, whilst generally leaning on the apo...
 As much as I respect firefighters for what the...
 And I don't say it in a bad way.<br /><br />I ...
 I think every critic who panned "Tommy Boy" wh...
 Cute Movie feel good movie I had never heard o...
 Kurt Russell's chameleon-like performance, cou...
 Minor spoilers follow, but nothing you won't h...
 I watched this....let me rephrase...suffered t...
 And unfortunately, so did I. ANY movie that re...
 House of Dracula works from the same basic pre...
 This is a true "80's movie": Back then they ma...
 I've seen this story before but my kids haven'...
 Even worse than the worst David Lynch "confusa...
 Steve Martin looks like he's had a face lift. ...
 This is a horrific re-make of the French movie...
 Rozema's 1999 adaptation of Mansfield Park is ...
 I have little to no interest in seeing another...
 The saddest thing about this "tribute" is that...
 A young man discovers that life is precious af...
 BRIEF ENCOUNTER is a ghastly and pointless rem...
 I work at a movie store, and as such, I am alw...
 For producer David O. Selznick, no one directo...
 There are few movies that appear to provide en...
 "Beyond the Clouds" is an over-the-top artsy g...
 In addition to being an extremely fun movie, m...
 Expecting a combination of scifi and period fi...
 This is the middle cartoon of the three (betwe...
 This movie is directed by Renny Harlin the fin...
 Finally, an indie film that actually delivers ...
 I remember watching this film back in 86' when...
 I spent eight years running movie theatres in ...
 Doesn't this seem somewhat familiar? Oh wait, ...
 "A scientist has developed a serum which grote...
 Summer season is here when the choices in the ...
 Watchable but pretty terrible. How shocking th...
 If you are under the age of 6 or 7, then you'r...
 Wow! I'm shocked to learn that it's a small wo...
 When i first saw the movie being advertised i ...
 my friend made me watch this awful film.. ugh....
 This is the true story of how three British so...
 "Fever Pitch" isn't a bad film; it's a terribl...
 Terry Cunningham directs this Sci-Fi Network o...
 I absolutely fell in love with "Living in A Bi...
 With this cast and budget you will expect more...
 You've got to watch this movie! It is so bad i...
 WORTH IT FOR: If not for Mick Molloy's work, t...
 Enhanced by the expressive cinematography of A...
 YOU BELONG TO ME (1941) is a example of the 'S...
 Serendipity. I thought I was off to a bad star...
 This looks like one of these Australian movies...
 "The King is Alive" is a flawed and contrived ...
 `Rock star' is not on its way to any `stairway...
 I've read the comments on Las Vegas and do agr...
 I've seen other Guinea Pig films, like Mermaid...
 This film is a perfect example that a movie ca...
 One minute into THE UNTOLD and it`s already ri...
 I do not generally appreciate light-weight att...
 CAUTION SPOILER: At the end of the movie it is...
 This short was nominated for an Academy Award ...
 My life is about saving animals. I do voluntee...
 Can this really be a Troma movie? Some scenes ...
 I once lived with a roommate who attempted sui...
 One can only imagine the film Mr. Welles might...
 Production line collection of fart jokes that ...
 This film may have been the biggest let-down I...
 Like another user I got this cheap - I thought...
 Guy is a loser. Can't get girls, needs to buil...
 Casting Jack Cassidy as Ken Frankin was sheer ...
 I can't remember many details about the show, ...
 This was the third remake of SLEEPING WITH THE...
 1992's "Batman Returns" was Tim Burton's secon...
 "Duckman" is a great show. I first saw it when...
 I didn't really go into "Reign Over Me" knowin...
 Robert Aldrich's brutal, quasi-black comedy "T...
 As the one-line summary says, two movies have ...
 An Arab American man is kidnapped from an Amer...
 Apart from being a clever and well-marketed va...
 I think Homegrown is a bit of a misnomer for t...
 I was so entertained throughout this insightfu...
 I decided to watch this ultra-low budget film ...
 I found this movie to be a great idea, that di...
 Don't waste your time and money on it. It's no...
 Ruthless mercenary Bruno Rivera (Paul Naschy i...
 I watched this last night for the first time i...
 Hardly the stuff dreams are made of is this pu...
 The documentary begins with setting the perspe...
 This is the story of a young woman seduced and...
 Well it's been a long year and I'm down to rev...
 The last couple of weeks in the life of a dead...
 Corean cinema can be quite surprising for an o...
 The Love Letter is one of my all-time favorite...
 I like Tom Hanks, and he is one of few actors ...
 I love Sabrina! Its one of my fave shows!! My ...
 Did anyone read the script. This has to be som...
 In & Out was a funny comedy with good performa...
 This movie is a complete and utter waste of ti...
 I think Crewes did her evil part very well she...
 In the small American town of Meadowvale Dr. A...
 In watching this off and on for a few seasons,...
 You may not believe this, but when the credits...
 this movie, i won't call it a "film," was basi...
 This movie is the worst movie i have ever seen...
 It seems the makers of this film had trouble d...
 I bought a tape of this film based on the reco...
 This is awful, you just could't believe it. Th...
 I'm usually not too into a specific show (save...
 I read on the web that this film is being rema...
 How can anybody say that this movie is a comed...
 This movie is just so awful. So bad that I can...
 I loved this movie - the actors were wonderful...
 Didn't know anything about the movie before wa...
 When you come across a gem of a movie like thi...
 I could not believe the original rating I foun...
 bad acting, bad southern accents, inconsistent...
 "Look, I know this may suck right now, but pai...
 I am very disappointed because I expected a re...
 Most people get the luxury of typing in the ti...
 I was only fourteen when I first saw the Alien...
 An older man touches a flower in his wife's gr...
 I saw this movie once a long time ago, just on...
 I gave this film a 2 mostly because it does ac...
 Years ago, I caught a fairly well made TV movi...
 Wealthy psychiatrist Lindsay Crouse has just p...
 The last good Ernest movie, and the best at th...
 This animation TV series is simply the best wa...
 This movie is now appearing on digital TV at l...
 The star of this film is the screenplay. Atten...
 Saw this film when it was an entry in Santa Fe...
 Cheap, mediocre sequel to the successful "The ...
 I wasn't surprised to read a comment by the di...
 Rupert Friend gives a performance, as Prince A...
 I rented this movie for two reasons. The first...
 While driving in a highway to the wedding of h...
 Bizarre take on the Cinderella tale. Terribly ...
 The movie is incredible, it has a sound track ...
 For many the hit series was ten years of pitch...
 The Gang of Roses. "Every rose has its thorns....
 Don't pay any attention to the rave reviews of...
 So there's an old security guard and a guy who...
 I felt that the movie was dry... very disappoi...
 The original is a relaxing watch, with some tr...
 This was a wonderful little film that truly wa...
 This is a great film in many different ways......
 Think of this film as a Saturday morning live-...
 'Baptists at Our Barbecue' is the best film ev...
 This film was excellent - the emotional power ...
 This movie features a gorgeous brunette named ...
 These three directors are off to Good Beginnin...
 I saw this movie for a first time years ago, w...
 Like a lot of series pilots, Dark Angel's open...
 Good attempt at tackling the unconventional to...
 Never having read or seen the Bard's original ...
 I've read some terrible things about this film...
 This movie is a fine example of what happens w...
 Seemingly intended to be a thriller of a movie...
 The most positive thing I can say for this dul...
 I think the biggest failing something can have...
 I loved this movie for two reasons: 1) Jeff Co...
 "The New hope of Romanian cinema"...if this is...
 This movie is probably one of 3 worst movies m...
 This movie is bad. I don't just mean 'bad' as ...
 I spent 5 hours drenched in this film. Nothing...
 Four best friends young male chauvinist pigs (...
 Tracy and Matt, Michelle and Sebastian: these ...
 I really miss the production of good old fashi...
 This outstanding Argentine independent film is...
 I never wanted to see this film, then one day,...
 Well, maybe I'm just having a bad run with Hin...
 Don't really know where to start with one of t...
 What starts off fairly well (and quite disturb...
 Synopsis: Kid is not accepted into any college...
 Being a huge Laura Gemser fan, I picked this u...
 "Four Daughters" introduced John Garfield to a...
 The story of how the (communist) leader who fr...
 The concept is excellent. The execution typifi...
 Evil Ed is a Swedish film about a man named Ed...
 Well, well....Roeg touched a bit of a nerve th...
 I just wish I was eloquent enough to say how G...
 This show was great, it wasn't just for kids w...
 One of the greatest crimes made against Sci-fi...
 What is there to say about an anti-establishme...
 People comparing this movie to big blockbuster...
 Jon Good's Wife (simply one of the worst title...
 Since this is Black History Month and I'm revi...
 I'm normally a fan of Mel Gibson, but in this ...
 Ever wanted to know just how much Hollywood co...
 Unlike other commenters who have commented on ...
 Another "end of the world" film that begs comp...
 Elephants Dream was supposed to be the flagshi...
 BROADCAST NEWS opens with a series of brief vi...
 Aside from the horrendous acting and the ridic...
 Within the first few minutes of this Dutch thr...
 Shall We Dance is an excellent film because it...
 A fun romp...a lot of good twists and turns! (...
 I saw this film at the Toronto International F...
 I didn't think the French could make a bad mov...
 Ever had one of those nights when you couldn't...
 This movie is not only a very bad movie, with ...
 A multi-millionaire marries a female doctor. H...
 Ruthless evil warlord Samanosuke (superbly pla...
 this movie is so bad. but its so bad that i wa...
 I liked this movie sort of reminded me of my m...
 Rohmer strays from his usual portraits of fren...
 The retelling of a classic story is set to the...
 I really wanted to like this film, especially ...
 Brainless film about a good looking but brainl...
 After the superb AANKHEN(2002) which was a rem...
 As much as I like Walter Matthau, I felt that ...
 William Hurt scuba diving scientist??? US agen...
 In this 4th Child's Play film, Chucky gets luc...
 A young American woman visits her Irish roots ...
 The producers made a big mistake casting Mark ...
 Dolph Lundgren stars as a former cop/boxer who...
 You do realize that you've been watching the E...
 A lot about USA The Movie can be summed up in ...
 This is good little shocker; not perfect by an...
 Im not usually a lover of musicals,but if i ha...
 only if its the last thing yo do and your humo...
 A low budget effort from Texas that's at least...
 Even though this was a well-told story, I foun...
 If you like Madonna or not, this movie is hila...
 I've seen this movie about 6 times now. And ea...
 My Take: Routine political thriller with medio...
 Being half-portuguese doesn't render me half-b...
 Katharine Hepburn as a mountain woman who mixe...
 If they had a Zero out of 10 I would of entere...
 Where to start...Oh yea, Message to the bad gu...
 Everyone wants Duvall and Jones back, come on!...
 Omigosh, this is seriously the scariest movie ...
 IT was no sense and it was so awful... i think...
 I think that it's great how Chiller picked up ...
 What about DJ Cash Money??? This film fails in...
 As embarrassing as it is to admit, I was liste...
 I went through boot camp at MCRD Parris Island...
 As a Genghis Khan "fan" I was looking forward ...
 It has taken me about a year now after seeing ...
 This movie is as unique as it is overlooked......
 Maybe the target audience of this Disney Chann...
 I really liked this movie because I have a hus...
 If in the 90's you're adapting a book written ...
 This film is simply appalling, how the talent ...
 "Tourist Trap" is an odd thriller that came ou...
 Career criminal and crime boss, Abel Davos (Li...
 "The Bubble" is an effort to make a gay Romeo ...
 I was excited to discover this late sixties co...
 This was disappointing. It started well enough...
 Not as bad as 1992's "Nails" (where Hopper pla...
 I did it too. When i first saw the band, i dis...
 they have sex with melons in Asia.<br /><br />...
 They did it. And, boy, did they do it fantasti...
 I can't understand what it is that fans of the...
 Basically the exact same movie as "House of Wa...
 Shower keeps within itself in so many ways. Al...
 Mimicking its long title the movie finds ways ...
 "The Invisible Mouse" is a delightful and diff...
 I watched this film with a group of Nazis, a F...
 I bought the video rather late in my collectin...
 I really liked this movie. Number 5, the star ...
 I can watch B,B&C and feel all the emotions I ...
 This film is really unbelievable. I've seen so...
 He-he-hello!! This is a really fun movie. Basi...
 This movie is perfect for any aspiring screen ...
 This is a great entertaining action film in my...
 The movie was slow, the dialogue between actor...
 The director does not know what to do with a c...
 this movie was horrible. I could barely stay a...
 I got this movie out of Blockbuster in one of ...
 "Footlight Parade" is fascinating on so many l...
 When George C. Scott played the title role in ...
 Playwright Sidney Bruhl (a wonderfully over-th...
 I like dark humor and non-PC stuff, but not if...
 I cannot comprehend how this picture was allow...
 Along with "King of the Rocket Men", this was ...
 Milo is an overlooked & underrated horror flic...
 Berlin-born in 1942 Margarethe von Trotta was ...
 This is one of those rare comedies where try a...
 Its too bad a lot of people didn't understand ...
 This movie kept me constantly entertained. In ...
 Yes, you can look at Babette's Feast as some s...
 I saw this movie when I was very young living ...
 The Russian space station 'Avna' with a crew o...
 It's been said several times - not least by me...
 Two years ago at Sundance I loved Josh Kornblu...
 If you cannot enjoy a chick flick, stop right ...
 It's hard to write 10 lines of copy about this...
 This movie was in one word. Terrible. First of...
 There I was on vacation when my host suggested...
 Carlo Verdone once managed to combine superb c...
 I don't give a movie or a show ten very often ...
 After reading previews for this movie I though...
 I'm into bad movies but this has NOTHING going...
 Yes, it can be done. John De Bello and Costa D...
 Most of other reactions by subscribers to this...
 I saw 2 hour version of Choker Bali. I cannot ...
 This is blatantly a futuristic adaptation of J...
 This movie blew me away. If you can see only o...
 There's the danger with the critic/philosopher...
 Trilogies are very interesting. Some go out wi...
 Everyone knows about this ''Zero Day'' event. ...
 Just watched this movie over the weekend, and ...
 this was pretty bad. pedestrian work or worse....
 Jewel Thief is *THE* crime thriller of Bollywo...
 Lindsay Anderson was very much a European film...
 The 1980's 'My Dinner with Andre,' with Wallac...
 This was a complete disappointment. The acting...
 I absolutely love the first three movies, they...
 It's a movie with a theatrical message blended...
 Although many audio recordings of great musici...
 This was without a doubt the WORST movie I hav...
 Catscratch is the best thing to come out of Ni...
 I finally got hold of a DVD copy of this produ...
 You should know that I am the type of person t...
 A Brazilian cable television is presenting "Ya...
 This movie was a great disappointment for me. ...
 It goes without saying that a modicum of allow...
 After spotting the high rating on IMDb, I deci...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 Pathetic. This is what happens when director c...
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever se...
 this movie wasn't absolutely atrocious, but it...
 Ok, after reading a couple of reviews on Atlan...
 What seemed as a good premise for a movie...un...
 TROMEO & JULIET - 10TH ANNIVERSARY EDITION<br ...
 When I rented this movie to watch it, I knew t...
 Imagine turning the American national anthem i...
 "The Man in the White Suit" is another feather...
 The storyline seemed fine, the actors seemed f...
 "A Family Affair" takes us back to a less comp...
 Maggie Smith and Peter Ustinov as a very unlik...
 I agree with what so many others have said abo...
 I went to a prescreening of this film and was ...
 I thoroughly enjoyed A Man Called Horse when i...
 After reading Fool For Love in a Drama class o...
 The best of everything. Just what is the best ...
 OK I saw this movie to get a benchmark for bad...
 "Five Fingers of Death" started the American k...
 I think it was way back in 1987 that we had ou...
 I really liked the Far Cry game, nice graphics...
 Mel Brooks really outdid himself with this hil...
 I caught this stink bomb of a movie recently o...
 The only reason I checked this film out was to...
 I just saw this at SIFF, and I absolutely love...
 This has to be one the best movies about seria...
 Citizen X tells the story of Andrei Chikatilo,...
 To summarize, my group of friends and I spent ...
 i wont go and give them my 10 bucks i went and...
 This was the first Chan film made by Monogram....
 I thought this movie was excellent,for the fac...
 George Sanders playing the Saint for the penul...
 I have not read the novel from which the film ...
 One of the major aspects of "Malenkaya Vera" (...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** Wow, what a pred...
 Pakeezah is in my mind the greatest achievemen...
 Mulva is put in a sugercoma by Teen Ape. When ...
 This film is totally garbage. Some imbecilic i...
 I enjoyed this film. It was lighthearted, deli...
 If this movie was about a fictional character,...
 I must say that, looking at Hamlet from the pe...
 A snore gore. I saw this piece of horrible, st...
 The first "Home Alone" was one of the funniest...
 You probably heard this phrase when it come to...
 "Tumbling Doll of Flesh" by Tamakichi Anaru is...
 I was particularly moved by the understated co...
 When you put this DVD into your player and hit...
 "Antwone Fisher" tells of a young black U.S. N...
 I just saw this Movie on a local TV Station (T...
 I don't know what it is about this movie- dire...
 It's difficult to make it through this movie w...
 Some of the filmmakers who are participating i...
 "Changi" is an Australian comedy/drama set in ...
 LOL!!! delirious was so funny.. i was in tears...
 I bought this from Blockbuster for 99p. The gu...
 This film is something like a sequel of "White...
 Bring Back The A-team was a hour- long special...
 Fire And Ice is an animated film set in a fant...
 The funniest show ever on TV, albeit the humor...
 OK, I'm 26 so I've been thru all the action he...
 Spoilers ahead JEEEEEEEESUSSSSSSSSSS.... I hav...
 SPOILERS: The original Road House is one of th...
 The family happiness is crumbling when, the fr...
 It's really good to see Van Damme's film are s...
 This movie was seriously awful. The acting was...
 I figure this to be an "alternate reality" tee...
 "Kalifornia"is a great film that makes us look...
 During the making of this movie I once caught ...
 Take someone you love or want to love and go s...
 It's one of the imponderables of low-budget in...
 Joan Cusack steals the show! The premise is go...
 When the scientist and family man Matt Winslow...
 With its ww2 timing, falling in and out of lov...
 The first in the series was brilliant, easily ...
 *WARNING* Possible spoilers below<br /><br />T...
 "Carlito's Angels" is a spoof of "Charlie's An...
 When anti-bush jokes get really easy to do, a ...
 OK this movie was made for one reason and one ...
 Firstly, this is simply the funniest movie I h...
 I can accept the fact this was the NEXT karate...
 Wow, here is another great golf movie. That's ...
 Unhinged was part of the Video Nasty censorshi...
 (Synopsis) Graduating high school senior Bartl...
 I don't recall a film which so deftly shows th...
 Just to clarify, Matthew Poncelet wasn't a rea...
 Miike makes a children's adventure film, not u...
 Nothing will ever top KOMODO with the lovely J...
 First and foremost, Zorie Barber (Zeke), might...
 along with it's partner, this is the greatest ...
 I won't bore you with story and plot lines, as...
 There are so many "Hollywood" movies made now ...
 This movie was trying to something, but failed...
 The first time I saw Brotherhood of Satan I wa...
 Nine out of ten might seem like a high mark to...
 The visuals and effects are up to par with the...
 Spoiler!! I love Branagh, love Helena Bonham-C...
 To solve a challenging problem, you need to st...
 This movie sucks from beginning till (especial...
 Okay,<br /><br />I realize that there are some...
 I appear to be in the minority on this one, bu...
 First of all, let me say this film isn't for e...
 An airplane transporting some scientists and a...
 It's a genuine shame that this spin-off TV ser...
 Oh, well, this movie starts off well. It's kin...
 This is my first comment on a movie in here. I...
 There is good. There is bad. And then their is...
 This is just what we need, a show about the pe...
 <br /><br />After the wit and liveliness of Hi...
 Do you liked "Dead Man don't wear Plaid"? What...
 Did not know what to expect from from Van Damm...
 William Wellmann, who directed one of the most...
 I've heard nothing but great things about the ...
 Carlos Mencia is not funny. From his stand up ...
 I have never seen such terrible performances i...
 Neil Simon has quite a body of work, but it is...
 Boogie Nights follows a theme that is extremel...
 "Chairman of the Board" is a ridiculously stup...
 The part where Meg visits the mechanic and he ...
 After looking at monkeys (oops apes) for more ...
 This film gives new meaning to the term "uneve...
 The Journey of Hope (1990) is about a trek tha...
 Well, after seeing "Beginning" I thought why t...
 This movie forever left an impression on me. I...
 I just rented (yes! I paid money to see!) this...
 Dante would of been mortified, if he knew that...
 Although I rated this movie a 2 for showing a ...
 One of the most disturbing and tragic periods ...
 OK. Is Barney the best children's show of all ...
 Ruth Gordon at her best. This episode is my fa...
 The main problems of 'Saw' are related to the ...
 This is one of Alfred Hitchcock's best films, ...
 Last night, I attended a screening of Badland ...
 From the acting, direction, scriptwriting and ...
 This one man show may be the most fantastic sh...
 I remember watching this as a child in the UK,...
 I really liked BATMAN: DEAD END, I thought tha...
 This movie is not about entertainment, or not ...
 Let me start by saying I have never reviewed a...
 The greatest Tarzan ever made! This movie is d...
 Nishabd means wordless. This must be the condi...
 If you want to see a true thriller, rent this!...
 Following the advice of a friend, I got myself...
 This is a sad film made for sad people. I was ...
 Now we know where they got the idea of Snakes ...
 This is one of those movies where you have to ...
 Spawned by the same Monty Berman / Dennis Spoo...
 This film marked the end of the "serious" Univ...
 If you've seen Atlantis 1, then you'd know tha...
 This is one creepy underrated Gem with chillin...
 If you like the standard Sly flicks that invol...
 Well, for this abomination of a film, I wasn't...
 This Movie has great fight scenes. Now its tru...
                  Read the book, forget the movie!
 Ettore Scola's masterful rendering of this epi...
 Religious bigotry is rampant everywhere. Austr...
 I realize it's not supposed to be BSG and I ca...
 Everybody who wants to be an editor should wat...
 holy sweet murder this is quite possibly the l...
 Like NIGHT STALKER and then X-FILES, the show ...
 This is yet another pseudo-intellectual "let's...
 Yes this a B- grade horror. But at least the p...
 This movie is very very very poor. I have seen...
 This movie is of almost generation-defining im...
 This movie can't decide what it is -- a soft p...
 "The Brotherhood of Satan" is a stupefying com...
 Based on one of the books by Gabriel Marquez a...
 When I saw this on TV I was nervous...whats if...
 "It appears that many critics find the idea of...
 I really liked this movie despite one scene th...
 This is a great family film dealing with down ...
 On first viewing this movie seems to be some k...
 Having not read the original book or seen the ...
 When I saw the film for the first time in the ...
 I bought this DVD from Walmart for cheap, thin...
 This show made me feel physically sick, and to...
 Horror movie??really???? i cant believe how ba...
 I love this movie/short thing. Jason Steele is...
 It's taken years for cult icon Bruce Campbell ...
 This movie is not at all like City of God, you...
 As a biographical film, "The Lady With Red Hai...
 This is by far the worst movie I have ever see...
 I absolutely, positively loved the movie. I ju...
 My opinions do not flow with the majority in m...
 I had the privilege of watching "Holly" at the...
 Here we go another pop star breaking in to the...
 Oh God,what an idiotic movie!Incredibly cheap ...
 Alright, how someone can actually think this m...
 Worst pile of drivel to date! Everyone involve...
 Surely one of the most ill-advised remakes of ...
 I happened to catch this on TV, and wanted to ...
 This film isn't just about a school shooting, ...
 Not a good one. -Not at all.<br /><br />This i...
 Set in the Philipines, Lethal Panther 2 is a d...
 If Hollywood is to be believed, being in the t...
 Uuuuaaa! Barf! Yuk! Yuk! Disgusting! Puke City...
 I'm a nice guy, and I like to think of myself ...
 Always enjoy the Classic Horror films, however...
 But to be a little more precise I do not think...
 I came in in the middle of this film so I had ...
 I just viewed the film two days ago, and I was...
 Poor Casper Van Dien, his career has slid a lo...
 I was expecting the movie based on Grendel, th...
 Had no idea what I was going to experience vie...
 We've all seen bad movies, well this one takes...
 Before I talk about the ending of this film I ...
 I've seen comments from Turkish people (which ...
 Watching this on Comcast On-Demand.<br /><br /...
 Tourists head to Ireland for a school trip to ...
 No, I haven't read the Stephen King novel "Thi...
 Despite what a lot of other people thought abo...
 This Wrestlemania just didn't do it for me. Wh...
 OLIVER TWIST was to have controversy as well a...
 In my opinion, National Velvet is one of the t...
 I think that there was too much action in the ...
 When I typed Savage Intruder into the IMDb's s...
 Yet another example of what British cinema can...
 This service comedy, for which Peter Marshall ...
 Bette Midler is again Divine! Raunchily humoro...
 Before seeing this movie, I was expecting a fi...
 Danny is beyond sorry.<br /><br />He keeps mak...
 With Oliver Hardy bedeviled by the sound of ho...
 Recently had the pleasure of seeing this emoti...
 Ron Howard and his "editors" only had one job ...
 Before you dismiss my post as "not getting it"...
 I watched the un-aired episodes online and I w...
 I would almost give it 10 out of 10. However, ...
 I saw the film twice in the space of one week,...
 This movie completely ran laps around the orig...
 First, let me say that I find films like Shaws...
 Clayton Moore made his last official appearanc...
 A Nightmare on Elm Street: The Dream Child, th...
 I think the biggest disappointment in this fil...
 Enter the Ninja (1981) was the first of severa...
 As with so many modern US films, there has to ...
 Walt Disney & his 9 Old Men put their own 1950...
 I just saw this delightful Japanese feature fi...
 Fantastically written, acted, and produced! Lo...
 She may have an Oscar and a Golden Globe, but ...
 In a word, god-awful... too many plot holes.. ...
 I used to watch this show when I was growing u...
 I knew about this as a similar programme as Ja...
 A competent comedy that delivers the laughs fo...
 Fabulous actors, beautiful scenery, stark real...
 My Favorite part was when the credits started ...
 It was a doubly interesting experience. For so...
 This was one of the first color films I have s...
 Id just like to say that the film was good and...
 No artful writeup here because it doesn't dese...
 I suspect this board will soon be full of comm...
 I really liked this movie, it totally reminds ...
 This is the third parody of the scary movies a...
 Hello, I was alanrickmaniac. I'm a Still Crazy...
 When watching this show you are not quite sure...
 In the 70's in Afghanistan, the Pushtun boy Am...
 The series finally hits rock-bottom with this ...
 Charlotte's deadly beauty and lethal kicks mak...
 How is it possible that no journalist or criti...
 Words fail me whenever I want to describe my f...
 Oh dear oh dear. It really gets on my nerves w...
 Obviously, there wasn't a huge budget for this...
 "You can survive anything". Anything except a ...
 I'd have to say this is one of the best animat...
 Watched this with my girlfriend after stumblin...
 This is one of the very, very few films that a...
 Seven months since a revelatory viewing of Fac...
 Poor Jane Austen ought to be glad she's not ar...
 Annoying, static comedy with a painfully misca...
 This is supposed to be well-researched and bas...
 One of the worst films of it's genre.<br /><br...
 The movie's premise is spooky: a woman gets pr...
 This movie is engaging from start to finish wi...
 I was reticent to see this flick before readin...
 The plot doesn't begin to describe the film: a...
 This movie is a brilliant lesson on Japanese h...
 First off, I want to say, "Thanks, Disney, for...
 This film has to be as near to perfect a film ...
 This film just doesn't work. No two ways about...
 One of those Thank-God-I-don't-live-there docu...
 While most movies that pit humans against horr...
 In the past 5 years I have rented some bad mov...
 Unfortunately, because of US viewers' tendency...
 Forget the campy 'religious' movies that have ...
 I was lucky enough to see this film at a festi...
 Cassandra Peterson originally created Elvira a...
 So, Americans make t.v. series based on movies...
 This film is so wonderful it captures the gami...
 Principally it is the story of two men who wer...
 How pointless, hideous characters and boring f...
 Gadar is an example of one of Bollywood worst ...
 This is one of those little Christmas movies f...
 This movie should be required viewing for all ...
 Being a Harrison Ford fan I am probably being ...
 I first caught the movie on its first run on H...
 Usually when I don't see a show on an original...
 OK, I read the director's comment about this m...
 ...and even then, even they can live without s...
 I just watched this for the first time in a lo...
 In this flame of emotion we are introduced to ...
 i just got done watching this movie and i have...
 The majority of Stephen King's short stories a...
 Wow this was a movie was completely captivatin...
 This is a low budget, well acted little gem. A...
 One look at the rating ought to tell you this ...
 Well I had the chance to view this film the ot...
 When this show began it was fairly interesting...
 I say this. If you want to see art, you go to ...
 A lawyer is drawn into a deadly game of cat an...
 Simon's carefully written dialogues are truly ...
 I've read the positive comments on this movie....
 How I got into it: When I started watching thi...
 Using Buster Keaton in the twilight of his car...
 This is a great movie. Too bad it is not avail...
 I am from the Dallas/Fort Worth area and lived...
 First of all, I saw this movie when I was 7 ye...
 Directed by the same Jin Ishimoto that put Neo...
 Well, I suppose the good news concerning Willi...
 I really really love this show! I have always ...
 If you want to really terrify people, choose t...
 Xizao is a rare little movie. It is simple and...
 Sundown - featuring the weakest, dorkiest vamp...
 City Hall takes on the politics of a city rath...
 The main reason for watching this picture is t...
 This film is without a doubt the worst action ...
 ...about this film was the title song. After 3...
 I love the other reviews of this movie. They m...
 I was to young to ever know much about prince ...
 Lost has been one of the most mesmerizing and ...
 Walking with Cavemen, hosted by Alec Baldwin, ...
 Vanilla Sky is a 2001 remake of the 1997 movie...
 As Alan Rudolph's "Breakfast of Champions" sli...
 Dallas stars Gary Cooper, Ruth Roman, Steve Co...
 Man, did this film stink! It's obvious this fi...
 If there were a movie that deserved a 0 out of...
 "The Cell" is a rather difficult film to class...
 This movie is like so many biopic TV movies I ...
 Okay I had heard little about this film, so wh...
 This 1997 film-blanc classic tale of smolderin...
 This film starts with a pedestrian setup befor...
 This wretched psychodrama uses every shabby de...
 I don't think this cartoon was as bad as some ...
 The little girl Desi is so adorable... I cant ...
 I began riding horses fairly recently, and, as...
 I loved the movie "Northfork". I knew nothing ...
 This is the movie for those who believe cinema...
 I gave this movie a very fair chance, and it b...
 I would like to say that I absolutely loved Ca...
 Remakes (and sequels) have been a staple of Ci...
 Maybe I'm missing something because I've read ...
 I saw this piece of pseudo-intellectual crap a...
 Pixar has had massive success over the years w...
 Eva (Hedy Lamarr) has just got married with an...
 Excellent farce! Which, of course, is all it i...
 By 1909, D.W. Griffith had been directing film...
 Another cult strikes again. This isn't a spoil...
 I am deeply disturbed by some posts I am readi...
 The nearest I ever came to seeing this was a c...
 Sorry this was a woeful excuse for a film.. a ...
 This film should be seen by as many people as ...
 After a big tip of the hat to Spinal Tap, this...
 this is the worst film I've seen in a long lon...
 I'm so glad I only got this movie for $5. Anim...
 this film was almost a great imaginative film....
 SPOILERS AHEAD For the first ten minutes or s...
 Kirk and the crew are visiting a federation mi...
 I just realised I've been using IMDb for years...
 I do try not to take IMDb ratings to heart, bu...
 I had been looking forward to seeing this film...
 This is the first movie I ever owned on video,...
 What should have been a dramatic tale of life ...
 Now, I'm a bit biased, since I'm a big fan of ...
 Spanish films are into a, if not Golden, defin...
 This is by far the worst film i have ever seen...
 This Batman movie isn't quite as good as Batma...
 Maybe I'm really getting old, but this one jus...
 This is my fourth review of a Charlie Chan mov...
 Apparently the writer and director of this dir...
 I gave this movie a 10 because it needed to be...
 Only a handful of the segments are engaging he...
 Great fun for an evening on the sofa. Don't ex...
 (spoilers?)<br /><br />I've heard some gripe a...
 I was surprised that I liked this movie. But i...
 A film that tends to get buried under prejudic...
 Let me first state that while I have viewed ev...
 Boasting the title for the sickest film ever m...
 Lost isn't the greatest TV show in history, bu...
 In 1993, "the visitors" was an enormous hit in...
 You may have serious doubts about watching the...
 I saw this film in its entirety in the 1960s &...
 El Padrino :The Latin Godfather - while this s...
 The first hour of the movie was boring as hell...
 When i first saw this film i thought it was go...
 Not having seen the film in its commercial deb...
 8 points for take on probably what really kind...
 A pale shadow of a great musical, this movie s...
 Checking the spoiler alert just in case.<br />...
 This is a rip off of the old Frankenstein prem...
 Now, I have seen a lot of movies in my day, bu...
 I have been an avid Jane Austen fan for many y...
 My website (www.theflickguy.org) lists this pi...
 This movie is still an all time favorite. Only...
 It is so nice to see Bruce Willis come down of...
 At this point it seems almost unnecessary to s...
 Zombie Planet seems like an example of good id...
 THE RUNNING MAN, along with TOTAL RECALL, is m...
 I caught the North American premiere of this a...
 This film is the best kung fu film of all time...
 This is one of those feel good, Saturday after...
 What a mess!! Why was this movie made? This, a...
 Although Never Say Never Again (NSNA) has a we...
 Much like the comedy duo of its title, "The Su...
 Very disappointing film. By the end I no longe...
 An okay film, with a fine leading lady, but a ...
 Drones, ethnic drumming, bad synthesizer pipin...
 What a shocker. For starters, I couldn't stand...
 Until the 1990s there had never been a film ba...
 The visual effectiveness of this film is unmat...
 Although I had seen "Gymkata" in a theater way...
 Silly and violent thriller that is a rip - off...
 I really didn't expect much from this movie, b...
 First, I am a big fan of Alien and Alien II - ...
 Beating the bad guys... Again is the tag line ...
 The title pretty much lets you know what you'r...
 In a world in which debatable and misunderstoo...
 This forth film in the "Angel Guts" saga, whic...
 First off, this is not supposed to be a brilli...
 In the 1930s studios would use short films lik...
 This is perhaps the television series with the...
 "In the world of old-school kung fu movies, wh...
 Typical De Palma movie made with lot's of styl...
 What can I say? I know this movie from start t...
 I had not seen the movie trailer when I went t...
 I tend to fall in and out of love with anime, ...
 My girlfriend once brought around The Zombie C...
 I think that COMPLETE SAVAGES is a very good T...
 When I was 11, Grease 2 was like crack. It was...
 Peter Boyle was always a great actor and he pr...
 My girlfriend wanted to see this (lol this is ...
 I must admit when I saw the preview for "Inglo...
 Airplane apart, I don't think I've ever laughe...
 What a crappy movie! The main character in thi...
 and what a combo. Two of the century's great s...
 OK so this is about 30 minutes of gore with no...
 Watching the first 30 minutes of Sands of Obli...
 I have two good things to say about this film:...
 Being a fan of Billy Bob Thornton, and the div...
 This started bad, got worse, and by the time t...
 This is a bigger budgeted film than usual for ...
 I didn't expect a lot when i went out to see t...
 If you haven't seen the gong show TV series th...
 I just finished watching this horribly depress...
 The plot of this enjoyable MGM musical is cont...
 Closet Land is an amazing, terrifying piece of...
 As a Native film professor, I can honestly say...
 My wife and I both agree that this is one of t...
 This is a very low budget film, set in one loc...
 The video case for this film reads "a story of...
 Stereotyped, derivative, unoriginal and boring...
 All you really need to know about this movie c...
 I saw this film at the NY Gay & Lesbian Film F...
 I caught this film at an OutFest screening in ...
 (The beginning might be a spoiler...)<br /><br...
 For me the only reason for having a look at th...
 About halfway through, I realized I didn't car...
 Just reading the reviews of this wonderful BBC...
 Red dust is both well acted and well made but ...
 What a wonderful documentary - I sat down thin...
 It's not hard to imagine what the main problem...
 Muscular 'scientists', unpleasantly thin femal...
 Bloodsuckers has the potential to be a somewha...
 I really wish that when making a comedy, the p...
 As a Long Island independent film maker myself...
 I haven't yet read Kurt Vonnegut's Mother Nigh...
 About two hundred members of a Cleveland, Ohio...
 For a film that's ostensibly about sex and lea...
 Thank God! I didn't waste my money renting it ...
 I watched the film recently and it poorly rese...
 Remembering the dirty particulars of this insi...
 Maybe I've seen one too many crime flick, or m...
 It's as if the editor and screenwriter only ha...
 For the record, I hate spoof movies. Except fo...
 As a child the first installment ("The Little ...
 True, there are some goofs, for the one who wa...
 I think I found the most misogynistic film of ...
 This is a pretty run of the mill family move t...
 I was invited to view this film at a small art...
 Okay, I remember watching the first one, and b...
 ***One Out of Ten Stars*** <br /><br />Because...
 A gave it a "2" instead of a "1" (awful) becau...
 How many centuries will pass until the Japanes...
 This episode from the first season slightly ed...
 "Ashes of Time" was an audacious project but e...
 It opens - and for half an hour, runs - like a...
 I don't know what it is with these Brady kids....
 I would like to tell you just a few things bef...
 Obviously the previous reviewers here are not ...
 Why should you watch this? There are certainly...
 I have just watched the season 2 finale of Doc...
 49. PAPERHOUSE (thriller/horror, 1988) Sick in...
 I didn't feel as if I'd been raped like I did ...
 A fine effort for an Australian show. which is...
 Watching this odd little adventure movie, it's...
 One scene demonstrates the mentality of "Termi...
 This is a film about 17th Century Italian arti...
 This is probably the only film I've seen where...
 This movie should not be viewed unless you are...
 Nobody could like this movie for its merit but...
 Eddie Murphy and Richard Pryor team up in this...
 Really. Does any week go by that Oprah doesn't...
 With a cast of mostly lesser-tiered stars (Ala...
 I hadn't seen this in many years. The acting w...
 Im usually wary of movies hovering around the ...
 This is a very moving movie about life itself....
 The cast and crew of this cheap horror potboil...
 I know a few things that are worst. A few. It ...
 Had never heard of The Man in the Moon until s...
 Remember the chain-smoking channeler exposed o...
 This is a wonderful new movie currently still ...
 I wasn't sure at first if I was watching a doc...
 "Purple Rain" has never been a critic's darlin...
 I remember when this piece of trash came out, ...
 This was another great episode from season 11 ...
 My first review of 2010 is "Into The Blue 2: T...
 Right there. Good, entertaining and accurate e...
 This is a delightful gem of a movie, unfortuna...
 after my daughter was born in 1983, i needed t...
 Very strange. But meant to be. This director i...
 I cant believe blockbuster carries this movie....
 This was without a doubt the worst thing I hav...
 This is the award that made me lose all respec...
 the movie sucked, it wasn't funny, it wasn't e...
 <br /><br />If you're at all interested in pir...
 I have had the chance to watch several movies ...
 Having been pleasantly surprised by Sandra Bul...
 I tried as hard as I could to sit all the way ...
 Twist endings can be really cool in a movie. I...
 I recently rented this promising mini series, ...
 I saw this film last night and came online spe...
 Some martial-arts purists think that comedy wa...
 The first Home Alone was a decent enough film....
 When I was a kid I remembered this show but th...
 I have to admit that in spite of all media pro...
 What. Uh...<br /><br />This movie is so dissoc...
 The poster who called this "Plotless and point...
 Don't watch this movie expecting the Jane Aust...
 I'm glad that users (as of this date) who like...
 The English Patient is one of those films that...
 I saw this movie considering this as a normal ...
 How Tasty Was My Little Frenchman tells a stor...
 I just wanted to say that I was very disappoin...
 It wasn't the most pointless animation film ex...
 A great film requiring an acquired taste. If y...
 There are two reasons why I did not give a 1 t...
 This is one of Michael Jackson's best music vi...
 Having just watched this film again from a 199...
 Well, I have been to a British University, in ...
 One of the best western movies ever made. Unfo...
 When I watched this movie in my adolescence, I...
 Films starring child actors put themselves on ...
 I watched this movie for the first time the ot...
 George Hearn really went all out and over the ...
 I haven't seen so many people packed outside a...
 Of course I'm a bit prejudiced but for the tim...
 Excellent drama about 2 alienated, spoiled pun...
 What "Noise" fails to do is get us to understa...
 This film's premise seems to be that the passi...
 I've been a fan of all things Bill Maher for 1...
 I watch movies for a living, picking out which...
 Five Fingers is so bad, that I hardly know whe...
 A text prologue warns us that we should not al...
 I've come to realise from watching Euro horror...
 This is definitely the worst bigfoot movie I'v...
 This movie was on the pay channels today and I...
 Parts: The Clonus Horror is not that bad of a ...
 Gerry Anderson's first live-action foray in th...
 For the big thinkers among us, "The Intruder" ...
 THis is a bewildering, Absurdist Short. A mill...
 The Running Man is often dismissed as being ju...
 I gave it a 2 just because Natassia Malthe (as...
 20 people rated this a 10! That ballot box was...
 Where do I begin? The story was so bad, it mus...
 What you bring to the movie influences your vi...
 Absolute masterpiece of a film! Goodnight Mr.T...
 Forever strong is one of those sports movies y...
 When one of my friends recommended this to me,...
 This is a cheap-o movie made by Al Adamson--a ...
 If any show in the last ten years deserves a 1...
 The title song for this movie ...........is th...
 I saw the trailer for this film a few months p...
 Why would a person go back to a person, who ki...
 This isn't a film, it's a 111-minute Evangelic...
 The premise of Bottom crossed with Fawlty Towe...
 What was there about 1939 that helped produce ...
 If you're watching this movie, you're either a...
 I've seen a lot of Seagal movies, and while mo...
 Well, some people would say that this particul...
 I had heard some bad things about Cabin Fever ...
 Just recently, I've been obsessing over and an...
 Firstly, I am a huge fan of crap films. B grad...
 This might be the worst film ever made, and is...
 Filmed in Arizona by a mostly-foreign crew, "N...
 Nowadays it is sort of a trend to look upon al...
 "Saturday Afternoon" is one of Harry Langdon's...
 This game is not exactly the best N64 game eve...
 Return To the Lost World was filmed back-to-ba...
 Yep, you read that right, kids. Michael Bay sh...
 honestly, i don't know what's funnier, this ho...
 The Devil Dog: Hound of Hell is really good fi...
 This movie can best be described as a very lon...
 Oh man , this movie is amazing, It's very good...
 First things first, I was never once scared of...
 I have a letter from Ms. Knight, who went to c...
 Probably Jackie Chan's best film in the 1980s,...
 Where should I begin with this movie. All I kn...
 This movie is specially for children and I thi...
 Death bed: The bed that eats.<br /><br />Judgi...
 I also saw this amazingly bad piece of "anime"...
 I truly despised this film when i saw it at th...
 The first thing you should know about "Zipperf...
 One of the finest pieces of television drama o...
 This is one of the greatest love story movies ...
 This is a very light headed comedy about a won...
 This is an excellent modern-day film noir...."...
 Well, what can it be said about this disaster?...
 This film has an amazing cast. MGM took some o...
 Dakota (1988) was another early Lou Diamond Ph...
 Keeping all political views aside, Feroz Khan ...
 A quick glance at the premise of this film wou...
 Okay, so the previews to this film only tells ...
 Oddly enough, the Independent Film Channel sho...
 Even for a 17 year old student who loves histo...
 Like many others, I had been attracted to the ...
 Out of all the Mafia movies i have ever seen t...
 This movie was made only 48 years after the en...
 Let's cut to the chase: this movie is softcore...
 Although the film is the adaptation of the Fre...
 Flawless writing and brilliant acting make thi...
 After being bitten by a bat in a cave,a doctor...
 This is by far the worst British comedy ever, ...
 Directed and written by the famous/infamous Ed...
 This movie will kick your ass! Powerful acting...
 Happy Go Lovely is a waste of everybody's time...
 This was stupid funny movie.. Cheech and Chong...
 After Mrs and Mr. Iyer this is yet another ver...
 Caught part of GEORGE 2 on TV recently, but co...
 I was ten years old when I saw Subspecies, I i...
 Hello all--for what it's worth, I'm in a docto...
 Seeing this movie was the most fun I've had at...
 Well, I fell for it. I saw the box for this at...
 Having seen Versus previously I had high hopes...
 When I started watching this movie I saw the d...
 This was the second of the series of 6 "classi...
 Director and FX man John Carl Buechler doesn't...
 I tried to watch this adaptation, but it was j...
 This is truly abysmal. I just got a copy of "D...
 Trey's favourite from the first run of Season ...
 Even an old cynical DOCTOR WHO fan like myself...
 The only reason there is a question mark in pa...
 I found this to be the most enjoyable Muppets ...
 If the crew behind "Zombie Chronicles" ever re...
 I saw this movie in 1969 when it was first rel...
 First the easy part: this movie is pretentious...
 For fans of Troma or the Cyberpunk genre mixed...
 If you like Deep Purple, you will enjoy in thi...
 As a total movie geek with the fortunate job o...
 No spoilers here but I have been a fan since W...
 In Russia, the ordinary teenager Vera (Natalya...
 This is one gripping movie, reminiscent of the...
 Craig Brewer grew up in Tennessee, it is evide...
 I mean, nothing happens, 5 dumb kids go to Okl...
 I took a flyer in renting this movie but I got...
 This first-rate western tale of the gold rush ...
 "Bend It Like Beckham" is a film that got very...
 There is a great danger when you watch a film ...
 A group of human looking aliens going to Earth...
 I was fortunate enough to catch a midnight scr...
 One two three four five six seven eight and ba...
 If you're watching this without an inkling of ...
 Just awful. It's almost unbelievable that, wit...
 Surprising, witty, funny and totally engaging,...
 First of all, I must say that I love this film...
 For those of you who don't remember movies -- ...
 Will Smith delivers yet again in a film about ...
 I loved the first 15 minutes, and I loved some...
 I really enjoyed this film. All aspects of the...
 I guess I was attracted to this film both beca...
 This is quite a bad movie but oh well, this mo...
 This is an old fashioned, wonderfully fun chil...
 I was utterly disappointed by this movie. I ha...
 This movie exemplifies a certain brand of come...
 Fascinating and amusingly bad, Lights of New Y...
 Ray is interesting in parts, and technically i...
 All day now I've been watching dinosaurs, and ...
 This movie is once again, one of those movies ...
 What do you mean son of actor, not an actor. Y...
 the acting itself wasn't even that bad, since ...
 This was one of the most emotional movies I ha...
 Let me start by saying that I totally agree wi...
 As someone who was in a Pan-Hellenic sorority,...
 I liked this movie. Many people refer to it as...
 A genuinely creepy ghost story, full of chills...
 This is one of several period sea-faring yarns...
 The name of Nick Stahl, the young cast and the...
 Coonskin might be my favorite Ralph Bakshi fil...
 The 1998 Michael Keaton kiddie comedy of the s...
 This is the kind of movie which shows the pauc...
 My father has worked with top secret informati...
 New rule. Nobody is allowed to make any more Z...
 At first, I thought the Ring would be a more t...
 I didn't expect much from this film, but oh br...
 After Chicago, I was beginning to lose all res...
 I once saw a bit of this film, and was interes...
 I used to review videos for Joe Bob Briggs' le...
 Except for an awkward scene, this refreshing f...
 This movie looked like the out-takes of the de...
 Awful, confusing bit of crap from South of the...
 All those who are into the PC culture are agha...
 This movie was long and boring. Surprising tha...
 Wesley Snipes is James Dial, an assassin for h...
 This is one irresistible great cheerful- and t...
 Well, SWORD IN THE MOON finally got a DVD rele...
 'Water' (2005), the final part of Toronto-base...
 Suggesting nothing less than a movie-length ve...
 This Documentary (Now available free on Video....
 A struggling actor finds the best way to break...
 In this extremely low-budget ( I've seen home ...
 This film moves the Cinderella story forward t...
 Thank goodness not all Dutch people are that r...
 I wrote a review of this movie further down af...
 In a college dorm a guy is killed by somebody ...
 I feel very sorry for people who go to movies ...
 This movie is excellent ( i watched the French...
 Watching this Movie? l thought to myself, what...
 Ahhh...the '80's. 1982 makes me think back to ...
 A favourite of mine,this movie tells of two fe...
 I haven't read this book, but all through the ...
 This movie had the potential to be a decent ho...
 I watched this movie after watching Practical ...
 ** Black Dragons (1942) William Nigh ~ Bela Lu...
 I don't usually comment on films or TV shows b...
 I recently saw this film and enjoyed it very m...
 PEP SQUAD is at a very low point with its conf...
 yeesh,talk about craptastic.this thing is brut...
 I loved the movie. I loved Timothy Dalton and ...
 when you add up all the aspects from the movie...
 I read the reviews of this movie, and they wer...
 This movie really proves that the world is all...
 Sometimes a film comes along that is unique. T...
 Zombie Review #3<br /><br />**Spoilers**<br />...
 I was once a big Olsen fan. I received this mo...
 this movie, while it could be considered an al...
 One day a red alley cat is fed up of being kic...
 This movie made me very happy. It's impossible...
 I don't normally feel much of an incentive to ...
 Wonderful actors. <br /><br />Lousy script and...
 I saw this film when I was a young child on te...
 A documentary about a nomadic tribe in Tibet g...
 Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks he has foun...
 I show this film to university students in spe...
 Who said it had to be believable? Do yourself ...
 Enjoyed this film which deals entirely about a...
 When I was younger, and today, Mr. Bean is a w...
 "La Lupa Mannara" aka. "Werewolf Woman" of 197...
 Rebecca De Mornay can be a fascinating beautif...
 Based on the personal experiences of director ...
 Very funny film. Classic film funny Eddie Murp...
 I'll start by relating my first encounter with...
 "The Planet" is an astounding piece of film ma...
 THE LAST WAVE is never going to win over the m...
 Jason Lee does well to give this doggy movie f...
 I am very sorry that this charming and whimsic...
 One of a multitude of slashers that appeared i...
 A `Wacky Chick' flick. A beauty contestant win...
 A fierce, shockingly intelligent piece of work...
 This film is one of my favorite Christmas clas...
 Weak plot, predictable violence, only semi int...
 Palwol ui Christmas is very Korean, if you hav...
 This is a rather tame fluff piece concerning W...
 Stephane Rideau was already a star for his tou...
 This is quite an entertaining B-flick in the U...
 This was a strange film. A bit horror and cert...
 Story about a widowed father (Claude Rains) br...
 When the budget doesn't allow for a Cadillac o...
 This second film is just as interesting as the...
 It is truly saddening to see a once-great dire...
 This was a excellent back when it came out. It...
 The most amazing, spiritually uplifting movie ...
 With all of mainland Europe under his control ...
 The "gangster" genre is now a worn subject one...
 This sounded like a really interesting movie f...
 Whenever I see a video like this, I have to as...
 I had to watch this movie for a film class, I ...
 If you haven't seen this film, do it. Its a ge...
 Reign Over Me (titled after the who song) is a...
 I watched this movie knowing that it would be ...
 One of the best love stories I have ever seen....
 I can not believe I even wasted a NetFlix rent...
 I appeared as an extra and was on location as ...
 Poor Ivy: Though to the manner born, she had t...
 I just rented and watched this movie just to s...
 I was a fan of Buffy and hoped it would come t...
 Superb. I had initially thought that given Amr...
 If you can imagine Mickey Mouse as a New York ...
 I don't understand your objections to this mov...
 A few years ago I added a comment to the IMDB ...
 Well. this was not a surprise. many people wil...
 Shot into car from through the windscreen, som...
 There is not a speck of entertainment in this ...
 How sad there is no option to post a mark lowe...
 Don't get me wrong, I love Stephen King! And t...
 Wow, there are no words to describe how bad th...
 Proudly and defiantly working class porter Per...
 I finally saw this film tonight after renting ...
 This movie is one of the worst remakes I have ...
 OK - say some college in southern California h...
 I'm too old to know (or care) exactly what the...
 Five teens set out to do some camping in the O...
 Oz is set in Oswald State Correctional Facilit...
 I have watched thousands of movies in my life ...
 "The Moon Is Blue" director Otto Preminger tac...
 I watched this with a growing sense of unease....
 Brendan Filone is the absolute best character ...
 This is the worst ripoff of Home Alone movies ...
 This two-character drama is extremely well-act...
 I saw this film back at the 2005 Palm Springs ...
 I saw this one on the late, late, late, late s...
 I am very into Waverly Hills and first watched...
 In THE BARBARIAN AND THE GEISHA, John Wayne pl...
 When a bomber, a patricide, a pornographer, an...
 Watch The Beguiled because it's a good place t...
 And maybe, as Fred Sandford used to say, "one ...
 Words can't simply describe how awful this fil...
 Did I waste my time. This is very pretentious ...
 Most of us kids growing up in the 40's or 50's...
 The problem with this movie is that it isn't f...
 I saw this movie a few days ago... what the he...
 One can only sit in utter amazement at this me...
 This movie was boring. Very much like Underwor...
 When I read the synopsis - 3 people lost in th...
 Brutal, emotionless Michael Myers stabs his si...
 A couple of clarifying comments are in order. ...
 Komodo vs. Cobra is not going to set the world...
 I wanted to dog this movie, but somehow I can'...
 Okay, my title is kinda lame, and almost sells...
 Lame is really the best way to describe this m...
 Probably the biggest thing about Wild Rebels t...
 I figured that it's about time I let this one ...
 Bounty killer George Hilton, smooth Mexican ba...
 Was lucky enough to be an extra in this great ...
 The movie actually has a fairly good story, bu...
 If ever anyone queries whether cinema is an ar...
 The movie is about two stories: one is a polit...
 If you really enjoyed the 2002 Resident Evil m...
 This documentary was interesting, but it was a...
 Okay, truthfully, I saw the previews for this ...
 Nicolas Mallet is a failure. A teller in a ban...
 you know, i always fancy disturbing or strange...
 I haven't seen a lot of episodes of "Family Gu...
 I'll keep this short as a movie like this does...
 This was another obscure Christmas-related tit...
 When i heard about this movie it was supposed ...
 As I post this comment, IMDb currently rates A...
 A movie about Vixen (Erica Gavin) who has a Mo...
 One True Thing may have seemed like a horror m...
 I can only agree with taximeter that this is a...
 The scintillating Elizabeth Taylor stars in th...
 There could be some SPOILERS AHEAD but I doubt...
 I saw "Sweeney Todd" on Broadway in 1980. It s...
 Emilio Estevez actually directed a good movie-...
 I've found the movie offensive for Americans w...
 1st watched 8/26/2001 - 8 out of 10 (Dir-John ...
 What happens when the average joe finds out he...
 Like his earlier film, "In a Glass Cage", Agus...
 Two films are useful for scaring people to God...
 I went into this movie with high hopes. Normal...
 William Powell is a doctor dealing with a murd...
 The longer this film went on-and it seemed to ...
 I saw this the week it opened four years ago a...
 This movie is not only the funniest film ever ...
 No serious spoilers, but some very minor ones....
 It's a really cheesy parody of Tomb Raider and...
 Okay, if you've seen The Ring, you've basicall...
 This is quite possibly the worst documentary I...
 Lost is one of a kind...its so enchanting and ...
 Elvira Mistress of the Dark is just that, a ca...
 The only good part of this movie was the endin...
 I saw this on DVD ( It`s known as CORRUPT in t...
 This film isn't a little bad. It's not even ki...
 When The Matrix appeared in 1999 and questione...
 Hi everyone my names Larissa I'm 13 years old ...
 No, it's not Citizen Kane. But would you expec...
 For all that has been said about the subject m...
 Rating: 7 out of 10. Directed by Barbet Schroe...
 Why did they unleash this movie upon us? It se...
 President Harry S. Truman once said that the o...
 Dean Koontz's book "Watchers" is one of the fi...
 There is such rubbish on the cable movie chann...
 I'm a fan of the series and have read all 7 bo...
 I cannot for the life of me explain what the p...
 Being an otaku since the days of Robotech, I c...
 (SPOILERS IN FIRST PARAGRAPH) This movie's ant...
 I was one of the lucky people to be invited to...
 Diego Armando Maradona had been sixteen years ...
 My mom brought me this movie on a DVD. A guy i...
 Okay, the film festival crowd probably loved i...
 I know this movie is a low-budget horror movie...
 Cam Archer's lyrical Bobbycrush boldly capture...
 Being an independent filmmaker and a huge fan ...
 I love this movie... it can make me laugh! =^_...
 This has one of the more unusual plots I've se...
 Anyone who doesn't laugh all through this movi...
 What-ho! This one is jolly good. I say jolly g...
 I've seen this movie more than once. It isn't ...
 Wow, another Kevin Costner hero movie. Postman...
 I can't believe I watched this expecting more....
 I have wracked my brain for another film that ...
 There is a LOT of repetitive dialogue in this ...
 I was worried that my daughter might get the w...
 I find it terribly ironic that "left wing" Hol...
 Honestly, when I saw this movie years ago I im...
 I've never seen a Bollywood film before but I ...
 So I flipped on the digital subscriber channel...
 I agree with the Aussie's comments for the mos...
 OK, first, to all the haters: Get a life! I do...
 Being in the suburbs of New York when the Z-Bo...
 Tyrannosaurus Azteca is set during the sixteen...
 I saw this film many years ago, and absolutely...
 This will be somewhat short. First, don't list...
 Years ago I did follow a soap on TV. So I was ...
 "Happy Go Lovely" has only two things going fo...
 In Holland a gay writer Gerard (Jeroen Krabbe)...
 It's not often I give two stars to a horror mo...
 To my surprise, I really enjoyed Disney's late...
 I remember this show as it became a regular vi...
 This is an excellent, heartbreaking movie. It ...
 This film is one of the finest American B-movi...
 The Tempest has been interpreted in many diffe...
 There is a lot of obvious hype associated with...
 Straight up, I love this film. I love everythi...
 This movie shows us nothing original. Every id...
 I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 because I think "...
 This is an in-name-only sequel to "A Christmas...
 It actually pains me to say it, but this movie...
 Every movie I have PPV'd because Leonard Malti...
 I felt drawn into the world of the manipulatio...
 As I sit back after watching Wong Kar-wai's 19...
 The Elegant Universe brings to light many idea...
 What is most striking about this semi-musical ...
 Home Room deals with a Columbine-like high-sch...
 I love this movie! When I saw this movie on TV...
 The only reason I came across this movie was t...
 Very smart, sometimes shocking, I just love it...
 A lot of talk has been made about "psychologic...
 This could have been a great movie with plenty...
 Garlin is unquestionably a comedian's comedian...
 I'm surprised with the questions and issues th...
 The only thing more full of holes than this mo...
 A retired diplomat, played nicely by Michael Y...
 SPOILERS CONTAINED IN ORDER TO MAKE A OBSERVAT...
 Perhaps it's just me, but this movie seemed mo...
 If you want to know what kind of music white p...
 One True Thing rises above its potentially sch...
 Okay...so i've seen a lot of really odd/unusua...
 I felt brain dead, I'll tell you. This is the ...
 Based on a true story of how a man ahead of hi...
 By far the most racist and ghettoish cartoon f...
 In fact, it never was. I'm not sure why Billy ...
 Okay , so this wasnt what I was expecting. I r...
 This is possibly the hands down worst movie ev...
 Yes it may be goofy and may not seem as funny ...
 Christopher Lee is one of my favorite actors! ...
 I can't believe the likes of Guillermo del Tor...
 I watched the pilot and noticed more than a fe...
 Empty shortening of John Irving's novel strive...
 This movie is beautiful in all ways. It is vis...
 I had the "privilege" of attending a special s...
 This movie was not that good at all. Here is t...
 This has got to be one of my very favorite Twi...
 Okay , so this wasnt what I was expecting. I r...
 It's always a pleasure to see characters in a ...
 What a bloody nuisance! You can't get on subje...
 this movie is the best movie ever it has a lot...
 I am wanting to make a "Holmes with Doors" pun...
 I have not seen it since 1998 and yet I STILL ...
 It's funny... one day before i have seen this ...
 All I can do is echo the sentiment already exp...
 I really enjoyed this episode. Seeing The Flas...
 "Shuttle" is/was more than a boring movie that...
 Rented(free rental thank goodness) this as sup...
 Very intelligent humor Excellent performing I ...
 Extremely thin 'plot' of satanic rituals or so...
 I should say right away that I checked the spo...
 This "movie" is more like a music video. Kustu...
 I thought the movie was great. I thought Krist...
 Famous was "famous" for their tension and rele...
 It's too bad these guys, the so-called judges,...
 This BBC version of an Agatha Christie book sh...
 Do you like explosions? How about fighting? We...
 This is the first movie I have watched in ages...
 I was first introduced to "Eddie" by friends f...
 Sniffing girl's panties kills a guy...and a st...
 As a reviewer has already commented, this made...
 In Panic In The Streets Richard Widmark plays ...
 <br /><br />I watched this movie just a little...
 You can't really go far when the initial story...
 Every once in a while you stumble across a mov...
 I just picked this up in a decent if not outst...
 What a joy to watch this family grow up and se...
 I saw this movie on the lowlands festival (23,...
 Friz Freleng's 'Rumours' is an excellent Priva...
 "A stage company cast finds themselves terrifi...
 Perhaps this movie is a little too long, but i...
 I didn't know what to expect when I started wa...
 If you have ever seen a movie by Brian Avenet-...
 This one grew on me. I love the R.D. Burman mu...
 I suppose if you like pure action... you'll fi...
 Not a balanced point of view. The director sho...
 Incredibly muddled, off-putting and ultimately...
 This 60min film shows just how much fun filmma...
 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and to date, t...
 Human Traffic is without a doubt the most orig...
 If you like to comment on films where the scri...
 Truly shows that hype is not everything. Shows...
 Half a dozen short stories of varying interest...
 The final chapter in the Hanzo the Razor trilo...
 wow...I just watched this movie...American peo...
 Moonchild is a very difficult movie to categor...
 I read the book after seeing the movie and did...
 I guess this goes to prove that Joe Don Baker ...
 The Sopranos stands out as an airtight, dynami...
 Hulk Hogan plays Rip a professional wrestler w...
 An average TV movie quality, totally formula s...
 PUBLIC ENEMIES is a kind of throw-back to thos...
 Leslie Nielson is a very talented actor, who m...
 I had VERY low expectations for this alleged "...
 I would love to have that two hours of my life...
 Despite the fact that the plot follows the wel...
 all i can say about this film is to read the b...
 Have never understood why the MacDonald-Eddy s...
 No wonder so many young people have Attention ...
 Who wrote the script for this movie, the staff...
 From 1950 comes a neat thriller about a couple...
 LIFEFORCE was one of Cannon Films' biggest flo...
 The Seven-Ups is a good and engrossing film. I...
 How is this a documentary? Much more like a wa...
 An incoherent mess with a gratingly deafening ...
 That shall be a documentary? I saw it (which i...
 Director J.S. Cardone presents something a lit...
 Plato's run is an entertaining b movie with Ga...
 Rodney Dangerfield is a great. He has done a l...
 Damn, I've seen this movie for at least 4 time...
 "Out to Sea" is a fun movie starring that wond...
 The most horrible retelling of a great series....
 Read This:<br /><br />BOYZ 'N THE HOOD IS A SC...
 Like most people, I've seen Jason Priestley on...
 Brass pictures (movies is not a fitting word f...
 I watched the McCoys reunion and was glad to s...
 The film starts with a voice over telling the ...
 "Bon Voyage" has the fast pace that in some wa...
 Exceedingly complicated and drab. I'm a bright...
 First, they ruin it with the uniquely bad anim...
 Well, I saw this movie during the last San Seb...
 Where to begin.... This hideous excuse for a m...
 Many have stated that Orca  Killer Whale is a...
 My suggestion..... This movie was really inten...
 Barney is that idiot dinosaur who (unfortunalt...
 This is comedy as it once was and comparing th...
 Susan Slept Here turned out to be Dick Powell'...
 After an initial release of 4 very good Eurotr...
 The world may have ended. Unfortunately this f...
 I caught this movie late one night and never k...
 Let me begin by saying I am a big fantasy fan....
 I had seen Rik Mayall in Blackadder and the Ne...
 This movie is one of the worst ones of the yea...
 Lets be realistic here. This is one of the wor...
 I have to hand it to the creative team behind ...
 I would say that this film gives an insight to...
 This Blake Edwards film isn't too sure whether...
 the most amazing combination of love and psych...
 I grew up with the Abbott and Costello movies,...
 I give it a 2, because of the beautiful Medite...
 I am completely into this type of story line b...
 Apparently this Australian film based on Nevil...
 Poor action films are the graveyards for aging...
 When it comes to those eerie and uncanny littl...
 Like a latter day Ayn Rand, Bigelow is la majo...
 About one step above an Olsen's twins film, th...
 I watched about 30 minutes into this film befo...
 This movie cannot be serious because it has a ...
 Could this be by the same director as Don't Lo...
 Discovery Channel/Animal Planet must be ashame...
 There are few films that deal with things that...
 Great film from the late 1970's. Says much abo...
 There is one great moment in *Surviving Christ...
 Had the pleasure to see this film at the Big B...
 Georgia Rule has got to be one of - if not the...
 After receiving a DVD of this with a Sunday ne...
 What is the deal with all these ethnic crime g...
 I'm a fan of the old SCTV show from the late 7...
 In my opinion, the movie is an excellent examp...
 Although I can understand the bad things someo...
 Radiofreccia is a movie about all of us, about...
 This movie, as my Chinese girlfriend informed ...
 That's what my friend Brian said about this mo...
 There is something that one of the characters ...
 This movie was cheesy and it was more than tha...
 A dreary, hopelessly predictable film set in a...
 There's no use trying to describe in detail th...
 Why Hollywood feels the need to remake movies ...
 I picked up this DVD for $4.99. They had put s...
 Salesman Lenny Brown (Woods) is fast losing hi...
 What an awful movie. Full of cliches, perplexi...
 Stay Alive is a bland horror movie about a vid...
 *****SPOILERS*********<br /><br />This movie w...
 After viewing this film, I felt the compelling...
 From very long, we are seeing movies on Gandhi...
 You can't hold too much against this knowing t...
 Why would anyone want to see this?! If this wa...
 I saw this film at the Rhode Island Internatio...
 I've read plenty of Jane Austen in my time and...
 Yes, this movie is bad. What's worse is that i...
 This film is brilliant it has cute little dolp...
 I was surprised by how great Black Snake Moan ...
 Spoilers Following: I picked up the book "Evil...
 Emilio Miraglio's "The Red Queen Kills Seven T...
 This is one of the dumbest ideas for a movie. ...
 Of all the movies in the history of movies I c...
 I have to be honest and admit that this movie ...
 Eisenstein created the Russian Montage Theory,...
 I thought Godzilla 2000 was the worst movie ev...
 This 'Movie' has to be the biggest pile of ste...
 Of the two Slaughter movies, this is the bette...
 From the beginning, 'Til There Was You was on ...
 What annoys me with so called 'science' progra...
 This is one of those movies that I can watch a...
 Nobody said movies had to be realistic did the...
 (You'll know what I mean after you've seen Red...
 Extremely entertaining mid-1950's western that...
 And, finally, old, old Michael Corleone falls ...
 To anyone who is interested, I have managed to...
 I'm sorry to report that I have seen this film...
 OK, fans, it's out on DVD. But the only reason...
 The subject is banal, even in 1942. It is war ...
 I am not going to lie. Despite looking interes...
 The premise may seem goofy, but since Murphy's...
 This movie was exactly what I expected, not gr...
 Even though this movie came out a year before ...
 Beautifully done. A lot of angst. Friendship m...
 Three children are born during a solar eclipse...
 This is an embarrassment to everyone and every...
 Corny! I love it! Corny - just as the TV show ...
 The beginning of this movie was good. It start...
 Obviously, a number of agents didn't see beyon...
 A woman finds herself caught up in an apparent...
 A wonderful surprise of the Spanish cinema. I ...
 This has to be one of the best movies to come ...
 I absolutely fail to see what is funny in this...
 Jim Carrey is back to much the same role that ...
 The only redeeming qualities this movie has ar...
 Jeff Powers (Lou Diamond Phillips, "Young Guns...
 OK let's get right to the point. We have five ...
 While "Santa Claus Conquers the Martians" is u...
 It was fabulous! The photography, editing, cin...
 How can anyone DARE say anything BAD about thi...
 In War, Inc we find the logical extension of t...
 Proof that not everything Tarantino touches tu...
 Due to its predictable, second-rate title, (th...
 There isn't one decent scene.<br /><br />Amy A...
 I have to admit I have a particular penchant f...
 As soon as I began to see posters and hear tal...
 Let me tell you something...this movie exceeds...
 I think I read this someplace: Joe Johnston (d...
 Branagh is one of the few who understands the ...
 Licence fees to watch this trash, And pay for ...
 SPOILERS Many different comedy series nowadays...
 Nigel Balchin's maze-like novel 'A Way Through...
 I'm a HUGE fan of the twin sisters. Although t...
 This is one of my favorite horror films of all...
 I am actually outraged at the comment I read s...
 In Canadian director Kari Skogland's film adap...
 The three main characters are very well portra...
 The plot is straightforward an old man living ...
 Honestly, who in God's name gave this movie an...
 I have watched 3 episodes of Caveman, and I ha...
 This movie is an exact copy of a TV series on ...
 I like bad films, but this thing is a steaming...
 This movie had to be the worst horror movie I ...
 Need I say--its a stinker! (I gave it a rating...
 OK so Paris Hilton sucks in it (typical Malibu...
 Normally I dont have a problem with gratuitous...
 "Jag är nyfiken  Yellow" is a lot of fun. Lik...
 First off, let me say I have wanted to see thi...
 You can tell that this is the first offering b...
 This is exactly the reason why many people rem...
 I think the problem with some reactions to thi...
 "Solomon and Sheba" was the kind of film that ...
 I LOVED this movie. Not as great as "50 First ...
 This is a more interesting than usual porn mov...
 If you were a director that was looking to cas...
 Although Casper van Dien and Michael Rooker ar...
 A really great movie and true story. Dan Janse...
 This one is a hilarious diamond in the rough. ...
 "Robin Hood: Men in Tights" has received no re...
 1891: Stalwart, morally upright military docto...
 In this Silly Symphony, a mouse from the count...
 In the film "Brokedown Palace," directed by Jo...
 This early film from director Bob Clark ("Pork...
 I wish Spike Lee had chosen a different title ...
 My God, this was a fantastic film. Every time ...
 This film offers you a fascinating trip throug...
 Post-feminist depiction of cruelty and sadism....
 Antonio Margheriti, director of the enjoyably ...
 This film is so copy-cat, cliché-ridden, clums...
 Think Jumanji but with a death curse. A bunch ...
 I first heard about White Noise when I saw the...
 Let us begin by saying that this film's Englis...
 The Perfectly Stupid Weapon. I think the guys ...
 It's not like an historical movie, it's not a ...
 This film sold for one-dollar at Wal-Mart on a...
 When the film started the first 4 minutes seem...
 My room-mate ordered this one off of the web a...
 I feel it is my duty as a lover of horror film...
 Travolta and Thurman deserved a better movie. ...
 Saw it first in 1975 on some German TV channel...
 Before you watch this movie - clean your ears,...
 It is amazing to me what passes for entertainm...
 Myself and my groovadelic 20-something pals ju...
 Being that I loved the original "Caligula" eve...
 One of the enduring classics from MGM came out...
 This budget-starved Italian action/sci-fi hybr...
 I went to see this movie tonight, trying to ke...
 This SOFT soft-core/sci-fi B-movie is what you...
 Though Stephen Gyllenhaal is a good TV directo...
 Loopy, but shrewd and formidable mob boss Vic ...
 New York playwright Michael Caine (as Sidney B...
 A brilliant film by the great John Waters. The...
 I've read some of the other comments and I do ...
 This was the first Ewan McGregor movie I ever ...
 When we are young, we all pick out an ideal oc...
 It was an interesting and entertaining movie w...
 SLOOOOOOOW, tepid, poorly produced 70's schloc...
 I really wanted to like this movie, because it...
 This very unfunny failed TV Pilot can be found...
 I've never been a huge fan of Almodovar, but, ...
 Something very strange happens when you talk a...
 First of all: I love good Splattermovies and a...
 It's not just the plot alone that makes this m...
 It could have been a better film. It does drag...
 Three young movie theater employees are given ...
 What a great movie this was. Is it heaven? hel...
 I don't know if I'm wrong or everybody els'es ...
 I've got a question for those who thought of t...
 This is certainly one of my all time fav episo...
 This movie is so cheap, it's endearing!!! With...
 This is one of the most amazing stories I have...
 I have watched this show from the beginning, a...
 Very interesting. The big twist wasn't as big ...
 Jack Frost, no kids it's not the warm hearted ...
 In an otherwise good review, loleralacartelort...
 Wracked with guilt after a lot of things felt ...
 When I saw Birthday Girl I liked it so much I ...
 I have never seen any of Spike Lee's prior fil...
 An excellent movie. Superb acting by Mary Alic...
 Nope, I am just not going to get with it here....
 'They All Laughed' is a superb Peter Bogdanovi...
 Unfortunately, in cases such as these, there a...
 Very intelligent language usage of Ali, which ...
 Cliffhanger is what appears to be Slyvester St...
 The first time I've seen this DVD, I was not o...
 I think that my favorite part of this movie, t...
 This is one of the worst movies EVER made. I c...
 Although films about Edgar Rice Burroughs famo...
 Tim Meadows has to be the most underrated of S...
 Return to Me is a movie you will want to own. ...
 This movie must have been the absolute worst m...
 About three minutes into this thing I started ...
 Du Rififi Chez Les Hommes/Rififi(1955) can on ...
 Russians never dropped children's toys filled ...
 I will say that at least the movie makes sense...
 This film is absolutely stunning. A new Blade ...
 Quai des Orfevres takes too long getting going...
 This movie makes me want to fall in love all o...
 What we're given in this trying-to-be trendy f...
 One of Warner Brothers best and highest grossi...
 I remember when "The Love Machine" was first r...
 This movie may superficially appear to be flak...
 A family of dirt-farmers moves out west.<br />...
 It's a short movie for such immense feelings. ...
 Nothing Carson Daly has EVER said or done on t...
 This is awesomely bad and awesomely embarassin...
 what a relief to find out I am not imagining t...
 I thoroughly enjoyed this film for its humor a...
 Julie Andrews and Rock Hudson were great in th...
 I got this movie in the $5 bin at walmart. I w...
 No movie could ever do justice to Faulkner's c...
 Ok, at the beginning it looked like "Shrek" - ...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** Packed with memo...
 It's been nearly 30 years, and I STILL hate ev...
 I wish I could have voted this movie a ten, it...
 Quite simply the best reality show ever made. ...
 Terrific, deeply moving crime thriller starrin...
 As a fan of Dan Aykroyd, I watched this film w...
 Shemp finds out that he stands to inherit a mi...
 The only thing that "An Inconvenient Truth" pr...
 Before I see on this film, I see a lot of comm...
 Now, the sci-fi channel original company has m...
 I did not quite get Barnens O  it is one of t...
 Ever went on Youtube? Well, the definite quest...
 This movie, "Desperate Measures", was.... I'm ...
 If you like films about school bullies, brave ...
 I saw this in the theater when it came out, an...
 Sadly IMDb does not allow me to rate Judges lo...
 Erich Rohmer's "L'Anglaise et le duc" makes a ...
 This is actually a very good surreal mystery m...
 By reading the box at the video store this mov...
 Even if one didn't realize that Sellers was in...
 First off, I've read the comments by the direc...
 Overall this movie is dreadful, and should hav...
 Wirey's journey through the final days of bach...
 IN & OUT, in my opinion, is a very hilarious m...
 This movie is just as bad as it gets. If you l...
 Canto 1: How Kriemhild Mourned Over Siegfried ...
 These guys are excellent and anything they put...
 Out of all the films I could have chosen, it h...
 Terry West had a good idea w\ this movie. He j...
 Here's what's good about "The Slaughter Rule:"...
 I guess if you like snow boarding you may get ...
 ...This would be the worst film i'd ever seen....
 I was initially forced to attend by my wife as...
 This is by far the worst movie i have ever see...
 "Moonstruck" is one of the best films ever. I ...
 ALIEN LOVE ( As this movie is known in Britain...
 Mae Clarke will always be remembered as the gi...
 I hadn't heard of Soap Girl but I saw a poster...
 I quite enjoyed The Wrecking Crew (1999), whic...
 Yes, the video cover of this movie made me wan...
 If you're like me and you occasionally enjoy w...
 Generally political messages are done on telev...
 This film is about a single mother who is happ...
 I feel much less generous with this film than ...
 These kind of movies where a psycho of one var...
 Certain DVD's possess me until I just have to ...
 Steven Seagal played in many action movies. Mo...
 This movie did not give Mr. Bachchan justice. ...
 I found this movie immensely interesting yet a...
 Famous words of foreign nightclub owner Roman ...
 Most people know Paul Verhoeven as the directo...
 OK, it's easy not to confuse this with the lam...
 I HATE THIS MOVIE!!!!!! I have never seen such...
 Leonard Nimoy directed Star Trek III, which wa...
 This short, which won an Oscar, spawned two se...
 I enjoy a good, slow-moving drama. Christmas I...
 This is a baffling film. <br /><br />The beaut...
 The title is a misnomer:the movie depicts bare...
 For all its wonderful images, for all of its g...
 Shirley Temple's films for Twentieth Century F...
 This Raggedy Ann and Andy Movie is so adorable...
 Who votes in these ratings? "Jacknife" is a be...
 I have seen this film numerous times and for t...
 I was searching through Hollywood video last n...
 Chokher Bali  A passion play.<br /><br />Base...
 Valley Girl will always hold a special place i...
 Having some idle time before going to work, I ...
 I purchased this film for $5 in a bargain bin ...
 scarlet coat like most revolution flicks wasnt...
 After seeing the terrible, terrible, terrible ...
 it's been awhile since i've seen Cold Mountain...
 Well, because I'm a musician I thought, maybe ...
 Oh mY God That has got to be one of the Most U...
 As I recall, my family made a point to stay ho...
 Normally when I write a review for a movie onl...
 full of surprises, beautiful, cruel at times. ...
 Uwe Boll has done the impossible: create a gam...
 This story is an excellent tale of two boys th...
 Where the hell did VH1 find the scriptwriter f...
 This is a movie which attempts a retelling of ...
 LORD PROTECTOR is kiddie fare, but for whose k...
 I must be getting old because I was riveted to...
 I got a kick out of Reynolds saying to his att...
 A long time ago, way back in the early '80s, a...
 When I saw previews of this movie I thought th...
 The film is almost laughable with Debbie Reyno...
 Yes, he is! ...No, not because of Pintilie lik...
 Well, the artyfartyrati of Cannes may have lik...
 Any time a movie is so myopic in its desire to...
 Sorry, but I will spoil both the plot line and...
 Blood Legacy starts with the arrival of lawyer...
 I've watched a bunch of episodes of Cold Case ...
 If the answer to this question is yes, then yo...
 The Director loves the actress and it shows. T...
 Rented it last night. The opening(2001) ran WA...
 This is a wonderful old fashioned Christmas fa...
 The primary plus for this movie is the combina...
 I went into The Straight Story expecting a sad...
 If you are looking for a film that is quick wi...
 When I played the first Soul Calibur on dreamc...
 If it wasn't for the very attractive Jennifer ...
 Sit back and let Director Bharatbala lead us i...
 Let me start by saying how much I love the TV ...
 brilliant screenplay..<br /><br />the screenpl...
 I am really shocked that a great director like...
 This movie was sooooooo sloooow!!! And everyth...
 This early Pia Zadora vehicle followed a famil...
 I think I can safely say (without really givin...
 I still can't believe that computer graphics a...
 This is a German film from 1974 that is someth...
 Yes, some plots are a bit hard to follow, and ...
 A young Frenchman uproots himself as he become...
 This movie made me really mad because the main...
 This brief review contains no spoilers since t...
 Does anyone else cry tears of joy when they wa...
 Oh my. Started out with such great potential -...
 Sisters in law will be released theatrically o...
 My Wife and Kids was billed as the 00s very ow...
 ok, i am really into King's stuff, but this is...
 What makes this low budget production one of m...
 Savage Steve Holland wrote and directed his se...
 The weakness of this comes from the confusing ...
 A very early Oliver Stone (associate-)produced...
 I can't believe anyone thought there was anyth...
 While some of the things in Haggard are dumb a...
 This isn't the worst movie I've ever seen, but...
 Wrestlemania 2 is the only Wrestlemania|thank ...
 Well, you know the rest! This has to be the wo...
 At the beginning of the movie, the beautiful p...
 Being a big fan of Corman's horror movies I ex...
 This is one really bad movie. I've racked my b...
 Some sort of accolades must be given to `Hellr...
 I watched this film a few times in the 90's an...
 In the aftermath of Watergate, a number of con...
 Gender Bender the Limerick:<br /><br />A man o...
 Seems Sensei Seagal is getting more and more m...
 I bought Unhinged because I got suckered by th...
 Blackadder 3 is probably the Blackadder series...
 It is one of the worst movies i've ever seen, ...
 "El Mar" directed by Catalonian director Agust...
 Like all cult TV shows, there is a group of pe...
 I walked out of the cinema having suffered thi...
 The cast although nothing special, all do an O...
 everyone is a genius in something. Albert Eins...
 From a poorly contrived plot line that makes a...
 I don't understand the exaggerated good critic...
 I can't believe that they took this off the ai...
 There is an interesting split in the voting fo...
 What a strange atmosphere is being created in ...
 The appeal of ancient films like this one is t...
 Okay, now I am pretty sure that my summary got...
 Riff Randell is a wildly, obsessed fan of the ...
 I'm a big fan of fan of film noir, and this fi...
 I was lucky enough to attend a screening in St...
 This adaptation of Pearl S. Buck's film is cer...
 "Music and lyrics written and performed by Cha...
 This movie doesn't have an awful lot to do wit...
 I recall so many things about seeing this movi...
 I remember watching this when it was made and ...
 I watched this film based on the very favorabl...
 This film was so amateurish I could hardly bel...
 First of all, I believe that this movie is muc...
 You know what kind of movie you're getting int...
 "The Intruder (L'Intrus)" is a visual pilgrima...
 Wow, this film was terrible. It is as simple a...
 Joe Rogan's whole act is profanity laced with ...
 This movie was like a bad train wreck, as horr...
 Not a box office success; no-one really knows ...
 There's a legion of Mick Garris haters out the...
 OK, I love bad horror. I especially love horro...
 If you like silly comedies like Airplane you'l...
 Faithful to the work of Pearl S. Buck whose ye...
 Me and a group of friends rent horrible videos...
 Robert Jannuci,Luca Venantini, Venantino Venan...
 Big fat slob 'Uncle Buck', played by John (eat...
 Pretty poor Firestarter clone that seems more ...
 I awarded this presentation 4 stars. They are ...
 One thing that astonished me about this film (...
 It does touch a few interesting points.. But! ...
 This movie stars Ben Kingsley as Frank, a hit ...
 Poorly written conspiracy drama/mystery about ...
 What could ever happen in a dull Texan town in...
 I was lucky enough to get a free pass to an ad...
 "Opera" is one of the greatest achievements in...
 I was lucky enough to watch this without any p...
 Rumour has it that around the time that ABBA ...
 at last, a movie that handles the probability ...
 As others have noted, this should have been an...
 The subject notwithstanding, this is an amateu...
 Paul Armstrong is a liberal, Scottish-born, pr...
 I just saw "Checking Out" at the Philadelphia ...
 It's a pity to throw away such a good idea. Th...
 Woeful and unnecessary sequel to a bonafide cl...
 This show is awesome. I thought that the two e...
 Many critics have felt offended that R.W. Fass...
 If this is supposed to be a portrayal of the A...
 (SPOILERS IN THIS)<br /><br />"Rosenstraße" is...
 I was fascinated as to how truly bad this movi...
 The film gives a rather condensed version of w...
 My husband and I watched this last night...It ...
 Derek Jarman has shown us time and time again ...
 I absolutely hate it when a film completely fa...
 I particularly enjoyed Delly's review of this ...
 In Landscape after the Battle, Andrzej Wajda i...
 Different film directors from different countr...
 I have so much hope for the sequel to Gen-X. L...
 Agreeable "Boy's Own Paper" nonsense with a sp...
 A raw edgy thriller that aimed for great philo...
 I got a few laughs out of this one, more than ...
 Thanks to this film, I now can answer the ques...
 I have to say I was very curious on viewing th...
 A bit of a disappointing film, I'd say: the ac...
 i love this movie. it focuses on both issues: ...
 Very different topic treated in this film. A s...
 What makes watching and reviewing films a plea...
 Every Sunday, a trio of buds get together at a...
 I've never seen the original movie others have...
 a really awful movie about a 30 meters long sh...
 From the portrayals of Andy Warhol in the film...
 I looked forward to seeing this movie, because...
 For the life of me I can't understand the good...
 I didnt know what to expect . I only watched i...
 It's a waist to indulge such great actors in s...
 This movie is beautiful in many ways: the plot...
 This movie is just plain terrible. Poor John S...
 This is a truly awful film. What they have don...
 Who? What? Where? When? Why? The acting was te...
 This has to be one of, if not THE greatest Mob...
 this is a movie which reminds me of avatar- st...
 This is one of those films that's more interes...
 i think dirty dancing was a great movie, they ...
 _Saltmen_ is a long film for its genre, and qu...
 I'm not sure why Spike Lee made this train wre...
 Now this is a bad movie if I've ever seen one....
 for me,this is not a good TV show,animated or ...
 This great TV movie told of the 1975 murder of...
 Julia Stiles is a talented young actress, who ...
 I adored this, but I am an 80's kid. I loved R...
 I remember watching this late at night on blac...
 A meteor crashes into Crater Lake, the heat fr...
 It does not seem that this movie managed to pl...
 Bobby and Mikey are two little boys who move a...
 I being of Puertorican descent, had mixed fill...
 I first saw this movie here in the U.K. in Dec...
 Charles Bronson continued his 80's slump with ...
 FATTY DRIVES THE BUS is simply the funniest, m...
 Ira Levin's Broadway smash comes to the screen...
 I watched this film few times and all i can sa...
 A wonderful story about the consequences of ob...
 Im watching it now on pink (Serbia TV station)...
 This is a story of a Jewish dysfunctional fami...
 I saw this film purely by chance. It was shown...
 This is a truly heartwarming film not just abo...
 The only reason I rented this was because of t...
 Early 1950s Sci-Fi directed by Lesley Selander...
 This movie is so bad they should burn the mast...
 Primary plot!Primary direction!Poor interpreta...
 I'm not sure what it is but there seems to be ...
 I have only seen this once--in 1986, at an "ar...
 Steve Carell stars as a person who you can rel...
 The horror. The film about the Nazis - the Ger...
 I was lured to see this movie by its starpower...
 This is an absolutely incredible film. It show...
 Circus could have been so much better if they ...
 Mildly entertaining and self consciously cheez...
 Who made this film? I love this film? Somebody...
 I didn't like "As Good as it Gets" very much, ...
 This is the best movie ever, but that is my op...
 This is a movie that has a lot of things that ...
 I first was made aware of this film when I saw...
 This movie still chills me to the bone thinkin...
 I have been collecting Iron Man comics since t...
 I used to watch this show when I was a little ...
 "Dominique" is one of those films that the exp...
 By no means my favourite Austen novel, and Pal...
 As with most of Eleanor Powell's films, this o...
 Like many, this dung heap caught my eye while ...
 I saw this in a theatre back in 1982. I expect...
 The efforts of a new group of young talent bol...
 Attend the tale of Sweeney Todd...The stranges...
 If I had never read the book, I would have sai...
 This is an absolutely horrid excuse for a show...
 I am a big fan of cinema verite and saw this m...
 Imagine the most depressing winter you will ne...
 This movie was the most horrible movie watchin...
 Great little short film that aired a while ago...
 I find it hard to believe that this movie has ...
 Those two main characters Erkan and Stefan are...
 I can see why Laurel and Hardy purists might b...
 This was a really cool movie. It just goes to ...
 i really liked the first 2 seasons. because a ...
 American boy Jesse took the train to Vienna in...
 As I have said before, I am NOT a fan of Tweet...
 In a bizarre experiment, an astronaut is aband...
 Loved this film. Real people, great acting, hu...
 Sadly, this movie did have potential with such...
 This is actually the first movie I ever saw in...
 This game was made by Sega. Being made by Sega...
 Ida Lupino is trapped in her own home by crazy...
 I think Walter Pidgeon was badly miscast in th...
 Seriously, Sci-Fi needs to stop making movies....
 So one person says, "This movie is a beautiful...
 I just adore this film! I love all characters ...
 This was the very first kung fu movie that I h...
 I went to see this movie at our college theate...
 This film makes several nods to various scienc...
 This was a movie that, at the end, I thought "...
 Superb cast, more please!<br /><br />If you ca...
 I have to say that I really liked UNDER SIEGE ...
 Made in the same year as "Vertigo," this is an...
 First of all , you should watch this only if y...
 Victor Mature, as a barely civilized and mostl...
 A team of archaeologists uncover a real treasu...
 I can confidently say that this is the worst f...
 James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan play co-wo...
 I saw this film again and noticed how close it...
 Touching and sad movie. Portrays the trials an...
 In the history of cinema, every great film-mak...
 The credits come from the Sandy Frank stitchin...
 I've only ever seen this film once before, abo...
 This movie started out confusing and grew into...
 This film, though ostensibly a comedy, is dead...
 Don't be swayed by the naysayers. This is a wo...
 Let me state first that I love Westerns & Civi...
 The brief existence of The Sex Pistols and the...
 Now, many would think to stay away from this m...
 Well, on it's credit side (if it can be said t...
 This movie was my first touch with Mr Sica so ...
 This is my fourth Joe McDoakes short that I've...
 It all started with True Heart Bear & Noble He...
 On the Opening night of the San Francisco Sile...
 Mansfield Park, in its second half, is my favo...
 The great thing about Thirst, Chanwook Park's ...
 Fascinating downer about a would-be male hustl...
 If you think piano teacher Erika Kohut (Isabel...
 This is a rather dull movie about a scientist ...
 A Lassie movie which should have been "put to ...
 This is an excellent movie. There were several...
 This is not the best movie you might ever see,...
 The first time I watched this show it was OK. ...
 Preposterous twaddle executed in a bewildering...
 Trying to compare or represent this "swill" as...
 Okay, I'm not sure if this counts as a spoiler...
 This is a worthless sequel to a great action m...
 Writer-director Brian De Palma is best known f...
 This is shallow hedonism and/or social comment...
 What a production, what a waste of screen-time...
 "Ask the Dust" looked intriguing from the trai...
 Enchanting, romantic, innovative, and funny. T...
 Quite liked Flesh and looking forward to Heat ...
 You better see this episode from the beginning...
 I went to see this film yesterday and although...
 I got to see this film at a preview and was da...
 Forgive me, but this work of director Peter Ha...
 First of all - I'm not one to go all sappy ove...
 Chucky (the murderous doll from "Child's Play"...
 1st watched 8/31/1996 - (Dir-Tim Robbins): Ver...
 She is such an extraordinary singer, who cares...
 James Franco is totally cool in this movie. No...
 As a "cusp-pre-baby-boomer"...born in 1944, IN...
 The best screen performance ever by George C. ...
 A true story about a true revolution, 25 of Ap...
 Lavish production values and solid performance...
 Hal Hartley has been likened to a modern day W...
 First of all, if you'r a fan of the comic, wel...
 I found this dvd in the store and figured, why...
 I really wanted to like this, but in the end i...
 I found The FBI Story considerably entertainin...
 Before I begin, you need to know that I am a h...
 Given that Roger Corman attached his name to t...
 I remembered this show from when i was a kid. ...
 Still funny after all these years. Midnight Ma...
 "Four Daughters" begins as just another clone ...
 Can I be as simple and primitive in my evaluat...
 The "good news" is that the circus is in town....
 The basic premise of Flatliners is fairly simp...
 Tom Fontana's unforgettable "Oz" is hands down...
 I remember my parents not understanding Saturd...
 I first rented this movie on the infamous day ...
 I really enjoyed this movie. The script is fre...
 Dr. Pena (Giancarlo Esposito), a "crypto-zoolo...
 I rented this film courtesy of Netflix, thinki...
 Stupid horror film about five 20 somethings (3...
 I love horror movies that brings out a real am...
 I thought this was one of the most depressing ...
 This movie is inspiring to anyone who is or ha...
 This movie is an amusing and utterly sarcastic...
 I rented End Game, having never heard of it, b...
 I've seen thousands of movies and have never w...
 This is an excellent B-film horror movie that ...
 Just to save you the $3, or whatever it costs ...
 This is my first CG animated film that I've ev...
 This is a run-of-the-mill nature porn movie. B...
 The critics were like "a movie that will break...
 i was extremely excited for this movie! my exp...
 LIGHTS OF NEW YORK was the first "all-taking" ...
 Sadly,this is not 'the best British gore film ...
 I give this nonsense a 2 instead of a 1 becaus...
 I'm warning you -- this movie is not scary. If...
 Where to Begin, I like the scary snow-monster ...
 I'm surprised to read all the positive comment...
 I sought out this film for one reason--Al Adam...
 Sleeper Cell attempts to swim both sides of th...
 I kind of liked The Lonely Lady. Give Pia a br...
 First of all I must admit Batman: The animated...
 What a surprise this film was. I've seen a goo...
 The original show was so much better. They sho...
 The Patriot is a well thought out, well produc...
 James Bishop (Matt Stasi) goes to a `mental il...
 This film was great! I love the way it mixes d...
 2001 wasn't perhaps Eric Roberts best year. Bo...
 BEING Warner Brothers' second historical drama...
 I noticed with some amusement that in the end ...
 A serial killer dies in a snowstorm and gets m...
 The fight scenes were great. Loved the old and...
 Kolchak is sheer entertainment. Great stories ...
 I can't explain it, but I find this movie not ...
 I would of given this film a zero out of ten, ...
 Trifling romantic drama directed by Clint East...
 How to lose friends and Alienate people came o...
 This movie is by far the worst movie ever, The...
 I found this movie at the flea market for chea...
 When I was a kid in the 50's and 60's anything...
 Firstly, there are some good things about this...
 Man To Man tries hard to be a good movie: it h...
 I love Stephen Kings work and the book was gre...
 Old Jane's mannered tale seems very popular th...
 First of all, 'St. Ives' the film is only fair...
 Marlene Dietrich and Charles Boyer give solid ...
 I am willing to tolerate almost anything in a ...
 "Girlfight" follows a project dwelling New Yor...
 The sword fighting was out of this world, the ...
 Of the three remakes of this plot, I like them...
 I can't for the life of me remember why--I mus...
 As a nice anecdote to one of the above comment...
 'The Mill on the Floss' was one of the lesser ...
 This film must have done well in the box offic...
 This movie was fabulous. It is definitely a to...
 This film goes into my "Worst Films Ever Made"...
 slow, incomprehensible, boring. Three enthusia...
 I have seen nearly all the films of Kurosawa a...
 I have to confess I fell into the cynical trap...
 This Columbo is unique in that we don't really...
 It was a bit bizarre and evil and i enjoyed it...
 I was lucky enough to see the "Horror Classics...
 I must I was a little skeptical when I entered...
 As a Southern Baptist, it pains me that I must...
 i have to say that this was the worst film of ...
 Some will say this movie is a guilty pleasure....
 I had been waiting eagerly to see this movie, ...
 I was browsing through Netflix and stumbled up...
 This is truly an excellent film with a revolut...
 A very accurate depiction of small time mob li...
 I bought this DVD as part of a set of 50 "hist...
 Aside from a few good moments of fairly raw vi...
 Shopping, sunny skies, beaches, boarding schoo...
 This is possibly the worst movie I have ever s...
 Sickening exploitation trash plays like a bad ...
 Acclaimed director Mervyn LeRoy puts drama on ...
 Her bit-part as a masseuse, in the lurid seque...
 I took my younger niece to an early showing an...
 Please, why on Earth did Bava had to add insul...
 Yes I know "talkies" had just been invented fo...
 One of the more 'literate' Lone Stars, with ti...
 I have enjoyed Criminal Intent series of Law a...
 This jingoist outing concerns the usual battle...
 A Movie about a bunch of some kind of filmmake...
 A wonderful movie about people. I first saw Fo...
 There are many familiar Hitchcock elements (of...
 When I first saw "Race Against Fear" (don't yo...
 I agree that this film wasted my time and my m...
 Not too long ago I bought a cheap VHS tape ent...
 Based on the average short story by horror wri...
 Six different couples. Six different love stor...
 Camera work - Why is the camera work in this m...
 Like last year, I didn't manage to sit through...
 If this film is an accurate display of J. Smit...
 A very good offering from HBO. Traci Lords is ...
 I can't say how many times that one line has m...
 This film is about a struggling actor trying t...
 Five passengers at a bus depot tell each other...
 I honestly believe that ANYONE considering fil...
 This movie is incredible.With great characters...
 Or at least one of the best. I think this is a...
 I really enjoyed this movie. It took a pretty ...
 An absolutely brilliant show. The second seaso...
 I have given this show (I have only watched se...
 When I saw this film the first time I was very...
 I'm still laughing- Not! I'm still asking my m...
 "Hollywood Hotel" is a fast-moving, exuberant,...
 Riget II is a good sequel, but not quite as go...
 After working on 7 movies with director Mickae...
 I just don't understand why anytime someone do...
 CREEPSHOW 2 is the ill-fated sequel to the Geo...
 directed by albert pyun in his inimitably awfu...
 This is a sublime piece of film-making. It flo...
 This is so overly clichéd you'll want to switc...
 Sammo Hung's 1989 film Pedicab Driver is consi...
 The Ten Steps has basically a reasonably good ...
 I thought that the nadir of horror film making...
 Ghoulies IV starts in a museum storage facilit...
 I can't help but be completely annoyed by this...
 I recommend families if possible,to show this ...
 Ya know, I have no idea how everybody else's t...
 After losing his cattle herd to a dishonest la...
 This movie has a twist that caught me off-guar...
 This movie is horrible- in a 'so bad it's good...
 "Soul Plane" is a horrible attempt at comedy t...
 This movie has more on its plate than a sumo w...
 Maureen O'Hara is always beautiful and appeali...
 I gave 9 of 10 points. I was sitting in tears ...
 What can I say about this movie, it really is ...
 This movie is a haunting telling of the life o...
 The Concorde:Airport'79, Is for now, the last ...
 This movie doesn't even have the saving grace ...
 I first saw this film in the early 80's on cab...
 A friend of mine decided to rent this thing, l...
 What a gargantuan pile of malodorous ordure! Y...
 The Golden Era of Disney cartoons was dying by...
 If you can make it thru "classic Meyer" titles...
 Love the TV show. Was hooked first time I saw ...
 A boring movie about a boring town in the 50's...
 This miniseries/movie was so terrible at times...
 I really liked this version of 'Vanishing Poin...
 (A possible minor spoiler) The first "Jurassic...
 Every great romantic comedy needs conflict bet...
 If you have ever wanted to know more about cab...
 The thing which makes "Fire" even more appeali...
 The summary was promising but watching the mov...
 "Shivering Shakespeare" could be considered th...
 I have seen over 1000 movies and this one stan...
 I admit it's very silly, but I've practically ...
 i went to watch this film with my family who w...
 A show about an incredibly dumb, man-child and...
 What network was , Diagnosis Murder on? I thou...
 I must admit I burst out laughing when I saw o...
 Kris Kristofferson, at his drugged-out peak in...
 There's something frustrating about watching a...
 This film immediately catches the eye, with th...
 ... when we all know, no one does it like the ...
 Lord Alan Cunningham(Antonio De Teffè)is a nut...
 Pretty awful but watchable and entertaining. I...
 Lord have mercy! Why was this film made? Why d...
 I saw this movie for the first time in 1988 wh...
 I just watched this film at an advanced screen...
 What can I say, this is a piece of brilliant f...
 Let's see...I'm trying to practice finding the...
 Robin Williams is a national treasure, special...
 Holy crap, the beginning picked up where the f...
 My Take: Steven Seagal is obviously too boring...
 H.G. Cluozot had difficulties working in Franc...
 Black and white satire of a Madison Avenue ad ...
 I was blown away when I saw "The Best Years of...
 I thought this movie was very well put togethe...
 This film is an absolute disgrace! I thoroughl...
 **SPOILERS** Shocking yet true story of the ho...
 This movie is good for TV. I like it because I...
 what was the quote by archbishop tutu at the e...
 I recently purchassed the very underrated Drea...
 I really liked this movie. I watched it last n...
 Run, don't walk, to rent this movie. It is re-...
 It's simply ridiculous how underrated this mov...
 I have this movie on a collection of inexpensi...
 Having just seen this, I find it hard to belie...
 It's hard to comment on this movie. It's one o...
 This is a flic that you can safely avoid. chil...
 I have a completely biased point of view mainl...
 Vipul Shah has done some really impressive wor...
 I am a pretty much a sucker for those Ghost Hu...
 I can't count the times I have watched this, a...
 The movie is about a girl who's not going to a...
 Society heiress Susan Fletcher (Hopkins) and h...
 I really enjoyed this film. I'm not usually on...
 1 Bolo Yeung is in the movie ten minutes altog...
 Surprised to know that the director (Sebastian...
 In another one of Bugs Bunny's hare-raisingly ...
 Bertrand Blier is indeed l'enfant terrible of ...
 "In the sweltering summer of 1958, the Deuces,...
 Have just seen the last episode, No 32, (thoug...
 The true story of a Spanish paraplegic, Ramón ...
 My comment would have been added to the RELEAS...
 Years have past since Alex Rain (played by Oli...
 79/100. Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers never m...
 This series was CBS networks answer to the suc...
 2005 will go down in 'Dr.Who' history as its m...
 The 1997 low-key indie dramedy Henry Fool woul...
 This this coming of age dramedy set in Chicago...
 Sure this was a remake of a 70's film, but it ...
 Since Wesley Snipes descended(or Ascended)to t...
 This is a truly great and beautiful movie. The...
 It's very sad that Lucian Pintilie does not st...
 This is almost like two films--one literate an...
 Saw this as previous viewer by accident, I hav...
 Scarecrow Gone Wild starts as high school teen...
 I have to say I hated this movie. I don't like...
 Shame Shame Shame on UA/DW for what you do! <b...
 Bridget Fonda is the sexually satisfied wife o...
 50 years old, this musical comedy fantasy migh...
 In Don Siegel's 1971 masterpiece "Dirty Harry"...
 Being a fan of the series I thought, how bad c...
 For Muslim women in western Africa, married li...
 Seth McFarlane is a true genius. He has crafte...
 Eddie Murphy plays Chandler Jarrell, a man who...
 I saw this movie originally in the theater, wh...
 This movie was terrible not only was the plot ...
 When it comes down to fairy tales, Cinderella ...
 Cafe Lumiere is a beautifully photographed nul...
 The fact that this movie made it all the way t...
 This movie is all about subtlety and the diffi...
 Elvis has left the building and he's lucky bec...
 One of the best records of Israel's response t...
 It was praised to be a fast paced screwball co...
 I just finished watching the 139 min version (...
 On the day of the California Presidential Prim...
 Thanks to silly horror movies like "Troll" and...
 i almost did not go see this movie because i r...
 This "tragicomedy" written by famous Serbian t...
 At the very beginning, the look at a control p...
 This movie starts off somewhat slowly and gets...
 this film is basically a poor take on the old ...
 First off, I can remember vaguely being told t...
 Not to be confused with the 1943 George Zucco ...
 I always wondered what happened with that magi...
 Boring, ridicules and stupid "Submerged" is a ...
 I saw this movie in the early 1990's when it h...
 This movie is a vehicle for Schwarzenegger-clo...
 SPOILERS FOLLOW - and I haven't even seen it.<...
 This is the best movie I've ever seen. And I'v...
 This is the first Michael Vartan movie i've se...
 good lord! (and that coming from an atheist), ...
 I saw this movie with hopes of a good laugh bu...
 New York, I Love You is a collective work of e...
 Reading through most of the other reviews, I t...
 It takes a lot for a movie to reach the alread...
 It is characteristic that this film is not bet...
 Yes it's a Fast Times wannabe, but it's still ...
 Ouch! This one was a bit painful to sit throug...
 When I was six yo, I learned about a series ca...
 In a time when the constitution and principals...
 This is one of the most outstanding horror mov...
 very badly made film, the action/violence scen...
 I happily admit that I'm a sucker for a beauti...
 Weaker entry in the Bulldog Drummond series, w...
 Not a bad martial arts film. Fight scenes were...
 This is one of those westerns that, well, stan...
 Izzard was both hysterical and insightful in h...
 You might think that a show about regular teen...
 I wanted to love this film so badly...I really...
 Intense domestic suspense with the mistress of...
 I mean really, really, REALLY high and this mo...
 Well, I have to say, this movie was probably t...
 The acting in this movie was superb. As an ama...
 Straight to video and with good reason. Its li...
 This movie was absolutely one of the worst mov...
 After a cold sex scene, between Andy and Gina,...
 Why is it that virtual "x-rated video game" wo...
 since the plot like Vertigo or Brian DePalma's...
 The van trotta movie rosenstrasse is the best ...
 1989 was already a year in where Eddie Murphy ...
 Yes...I'm going with the 1-0 on this and here'...
 Alfred Hitchcock invented any kind of thriller...
 Jean-Pierre Melville is a director I've only r...
 I originally scored Sarah's show with a nice f...
 This cartoon documents the second encounter be...
 I just watched National Lampoon's Christmas Va...
 About a year ago I finally gave up on American...
 OK, people, honestly... this gotta be one of t...
 To me movies and acting is all about telling a...
 Like the Arabian Nights this film plays with s...
 the writing of the journalists and the require...
 There are several ways to misunderstand this m...
 The Bourne Ultimatum - Jason Bourne (Matt Damo...
 A story of love between two people at the end ...
 I saw this movie the day it came out last year...
 Who is minding the store here? How could any p...
 The 3 stars are for Phillip Seymour Hoffman. N...
 Ok, I did think that it would be horrible. But...
 I love all of the movies by Michael Landon Jr....
 There's a good running bit about the price tag...
 "Written on the Wind" was an enormously succes...
 Jennifer Egan's novel was brought to the scree...
 I just recently viewed Shame which is directed...
 I am NOT one to like those Anime Cartoons (eg....
 I have nothing at all against Paul Schrader. I...
 FOUR FRIENDS was first billed on HBO in 82 as ...
 this is the result. A piece of trash movie tha...
 I caught this movie by accident on cable in th...
 The Choke starts as a rock band known as The C...
 This movie is my families favorite Christmas m...
 John Wayne is without a doubt one of the most ...
 'Stanley and Iris' show the triumph of the hum...
 Robert Jordan is a television star. Robert Jor...
 Following the brilliant "Goyôkiba" (aka. "Hanz...
 this movie had a fairly good sounding plot, bu...
 Young Elijah Wood and Joseph Mazzello are outs...
 OK, the portrayal of the stereotyped 'indians'...
 mature intelligent and highly charged melodram...
 I loved this film! It has a great heart and gr...
 Normally I don't bother wasting my time writin...
 After watch this movie I was surprised that so...
 OK I haven't read the book And maybe the boo...
 How bad idea was to remake an almost Oscar -wo...
 This film is probably the worst film that I ha...
 The box at my video store is why I rented this...
 Okay, this show is nothing but AWESOME! It has...
 This short deals with a severely critical writ...
 Direction must be the problem here. I recently...
 Nurse Betty was definitely one of the most cre...
 I know the film snobs are snorting. But if you...
 Nicolas Roeg ? He directed the classic superna...
 I watched this movie purely for the setting. I...
 Hey, this Ralf Westhoff seems to knows a lot a...
 After hearing raves about this movie for years...
 never before have i seen such a tale of such t...
 This indie film looks at the lives of a group ...
 Lucy Alexis Liu and Cillian Murphy are both ex...
 There are a lot of pretentious people out ther...
 (Some possible spoilers)<br /><br /> I'm not t...
 At first I didn't think that the performance b...
 When Underdog the cartoon debuted in 1964, at ...
 An absolutely atrocious adaptation of the wond...
 Saw this movie in my English class this aftern...
 Wow, I haven't seen a movie this bad since "Fi...
 If you like the 80's rock, you should definite...
 As a Hammer completist I was dreading the time...
 This is a hard-boiled Warner Brothers film sta...
 An unusual take on time travel: instead of tra...
 What would you expect from a film titled 'Surv...
 Jeffrey Combs is an insane scientist whose ste...
 A May day 1938 when happen a huge rally celebr...
 The movie was much better than the other revie...
 Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, Hollywood's pr...
 I'm not exactly sure why I ordered "Fingersmit...
 The BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most cherished ...
 Brian Yuzna is often frowned upon as a directo...
 One thing I always liked about Robert Ludlum t...
 This movie plays out like an English version o...
 Not a film to be taken seriously, but a great ...
 I must tell you right up front, I am certainly...
 Why you ask does this man claim to have the tr...
 This film is one of Tom Cruise's finest films....
 This is a special film if you know the context...
 If you are in to bad movies for the entertainm...
 THE MAN IN THE MOON is a warm and moving comin...
 How? I wondered why I hadn't seen this in thea...
 I am ashamed to say it, but I have to admit, t...
 This bright hilarious English comedy about sch...
 While the design and locations and photography...
 TO all of yall who think 1.This was a boring t...
 I rented this because I couldn't pass up the c...
 When young Frances 'Baby' Houseman goes to sum...
 Horrible waste of time - bad acting, plot, dir...
 This movie is a bizarre fantasy tale, that I'm...
 I really wanted to like this movie. Great cast...
 This Alec Guinness starrer is a very good fun ...
 The League of Gentlemen is one of the funniest...
 This work is a bold look into the mindset of m...
 A Chinese Ghost Story stars the late, great Le...
 Maybe the movie itself isn't one of the best J...
 How does an usual day start in Point Place, Wi...
 They made me watch this in school and it was t...
 By 1987 Hong Kong had given the world such fil...
 I have seen a lot of bad films. Most of the ti...
 For what it is, this is a pretty good movie. I...
 Each guy Liv Tyler meets loses their head over...
 Maybe, like most others who have seen this fil...
 I love most movies and I'm a big fan of Sean B...
 The movie never claims to be something spectac...
 Prom Night is shot with the artistic eye someo...
 Following a 19th century gun dual that goes aw...
 honestly, where can I begin! This was a low bu...
 I finally managed to sit through a whole episo...
 the first time I saw this movie, I just though...
 I saw this on a flight over to the U.S and was...
 The reviewer who called this movie a bust has ...
 Financially strapped Paramount pulled out all ...
 I saw this movie a long time ago... luckily it...
 I saw that "The Foreigner" was ranked in the "...
 I really enjoyed this -- I'm a big fan of movi...
 Higher and Higher was one of Rodgers&Hart's le...
 I think that "Key West" might do well as a DVD...
 After going to sleep out of sheer loneliness, ...
 During my trip in a youth leadership forum, I ...
 This obvious pilot for an unproduced TV series...
 Get Shorty was an excellent film. It was funny...
 This movie is humorous, charming, and easily b...
 Crispin Glovers' way of acting (and not only h...
 ...that seem to be fooling people into seeing ...
 If you loved Deep Cover, you might like this f...
 While flipping through the channels on a late ...
 Yes there are worse movies out there. Most of ...
 Heftig og Begeistret (Intense and Enthusiastic...
 i wrote an essay in 1981, the year i graduated...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** I loved the set-...
 Someone release this movie on DVD so it can ta...
 This is really one of the worst movies i have ...
 A masterful treatment of James Caine's "The Po...
 ...I saw this movie when it first came out in ...
 Let me start off by saying I am not a fan of h...
 The silly saying, "You can't touch this" surel...
 History and experience over the past couple of...
 Guy Richie's third proper film (not counting t...
 I'm all about the walking dead, but my mind is...
 Not being familiar with US television stations...
 "The fallen ones" falls under the waste of lif...
 this is a film about life, the triumph over ad...
 After I've seen this movie I find it hard to u...
 I've heard a lot of different opinions about t...
 This is truly a funny movie. His dance scene d...
 I love sharks. And mutants. And explosions. Th...
 This movie had the potential to be a very good...
 Colman's performance is aided by the brilliant...
 Panic In The Streets opens in high noir style,...
 Saying this movie is worse than asphyxiating o...
 This movie was released in all major cinemas i...
 A young and seemingly promising college gradua...
 After seeing Arthur on TV numerous times I lau...
 I saw the movie as a child when it was release...
 I can't stand it when people go see a movie wh...
 This is the dreary tale of the self absorbed a...
 It´s long time that I and my wife didn´t see s...
 This movie is one of those I regret having inv...
 Like an earlier commentor, I saw it in 1980 an...
 I actually liked this movie. Sure, the acting ...
 I don't recommend you watching this movie if y...
 This is not a good movie. Too preachy in parts...
 36/100. This is not to be confused with the de...
 I've loved this movie since I was a little kid...
 I have seen this movie and the other one. Trin...
 I felt compelled to write a review after seein...
 This movie is the absolutely perfect way to ex...
 This is one of the best movies I've ever seen....
 Art imitates life imitates art. Atticus Finch ...
 That's right. A movie written, directed and pr...
 I have rarely been subjected to such outright ...
 Dolemite is one of the best movies featuring a...
 Every time I've seen this movie I get the same...
 Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in ...
 The '7' rating is not necessarily a smear-- th...
 First one has to take into account the time pe...
 I have just seen this broadcast on Channel 4. ...
 The Lubitsch's Touch is more than ever in this...
 This was a fantastically written screenplay wh...
 This may be the most tension-filled movie I ha...
 The Ali G show was really something amazing - ...
 This movie catches a lot of flak, but this is ...
 This version is very painful to watch. All of ...
 It is an excellent thriller from Turkey which ...
 this really is an "okay" series.. everyone in ...
 this is what you would get if you allowed a 10...
 Having been driven out of the house and into t...
 Barry Kane is an aircraft factory worker.Sudde...
 Sometimes it's hard to define what separates a...
 A young solicitor from London, Arthur Kidd is ...
 This movie was different in that it didn't sho...
 A lot of my childhood was spent lying in front...
 As a spiritualist and non Christian. I thought...
 I'm no slouch at finding "redeeming social val...
 Mark Frechette stars as Mark, a college radica...
 I caught this film at the Edinburgh Film Festi...
 Also titled--> The Magical Castle--> This one ...
 "Challenge to be Free" was one of the first fi...
 I Loved this movie. Mark Blankfield was perfec...
 An axellent second installment that manages to...
 This movie was amazingly bad. I don't think I'...
 Tobe Hooper is quite possibly the biggest fluk...
 "Lights of New York" originally started out as...
 Ever wonder why Pacific Islanders seem to auto...
 IF you are planning to see this movie, please ...
 You do not get more dark or tragic than "Othel...
 Coltrane and Idle are members of a bank robber...
 Sure it was well shot and made, very well shot...
 Jim Henson's The Muppet Movie is a charming, f...
 Come on now. How did all of these talented act...
 When I was younger, I thought the first film w...
 I'm surprised this movie is rated so highly, a...
 I've seen Director's Cut version and can be no...
 At the rate these movies are ploughing through...
 I sat through this film and i have to say it o...
 I loved the original. It was brilliant and alw...
 Mr Baseball was a fun video rental with my Fia...
 If you liked this movie, be sure to check out ...
 This is another case of Hollywood Arrogance pr...
 I saw this movie after i saw Blue Crush and ot...
 I grew up watching the original Disney Cindere...
 I had been wanting to see An American Werewolf...
 I watched this movie again yesterday with a 20...
 Well, where to start? I stumbled across this o...
 Despite what others had said (*cough*), this i...
 Love is overwhelming... In all it's manifestat...
 The movie invites comparisons to Shakespeare. ...
 On the face of it, any teen comedy runs the ri...
 I mistakenly thought that this neo-noir effort...
 This insipid mini operetta featuring a Eddy-Mc...
 The subject is certainly compelling: a group o...
 Or at least forceable retirement! This movie i...
 Caught this film at the Arizona International ...
 After some difficulty, Johnny Yuma arrives at ...
 I thought this movie was absolutely hilarious....
 This film was absolutely awful, I even feel un...
 In what attempts to be a positive story, Dolph...
 The five or so really good westerns that Mann ...
 I would say to the foreign people who have see...
 Take one look at the cover of this movie, and ...
 Dreadful, stupidly inane film dealing with cor...
 This movie was nominated for best picture but ...
 Although the production and Jerry Jameson's di...
 I was really surprised to see that unlike most...
 Nobody, but nobody, could chew the scenery lik...
 A super comedy series from the 1990s (Two seri...
 I watched this out of curiosity. I enjoyed Sta...
 This is 30 minute show about one joke. The jok...
 Dodgy plot, dodgy script, dodgy almost everyth...
 A by-the-numbers exorcism exercise with a disa...
 This film had everything i need in a film: - W...
 This is Paul F. Ryan's first and only full-len...
 Ever watched something so awful you just have ...
 This is the classic western. The good, Glenn F...
 The good news is a movie was made, drawing on ...
 Almost as tedious to watch as it was to read, ...
 action packed,with my favorite type of creatur...
 I really liked this one. (SPOILERS??) It had a...
 I saw this in the theater and I instantly thou...
 I think the movie was one sided I watched it r...
 Ah, Channel 5 of local Mexican t.v. Everyday, ...
 From the beginning this movie did have a few f...
 This is an excellent film. No, it's not Mel Gi...
 Though several scenes of Wirey Spindell can be...
 This is a brilliant film. The story starts off...
 From 1936-1939, Peter Lorre made a string of h...
 A sober, reflexive piece, a little miniature w...
 Mild Spoilers<br /><br />In the near future, A...
 "Cover Girl" is the best musical Rita Hayworth...
 The 1970s opened the door to the largest, most...
 Trekkies is really not a movie about Star Trek...
 How many of us have read a book or seen a play...
 This was on at 2 or so In the morning one Satu...
 In August 1980 the disappearance of baby Azari...
 I've seen a lot of TV movies in my time as a s...
 Greystoke is without doubt the best tarzan mov...
 I really don't think producer George Lucas did...
 This is one of those games where you love it t...
 When I first heard about this movie, I eagerly...
 Watching this movie all I could think of was, ...
 Nikki Finn is the kind of girl I would marry. ...
 I got to watch this one without commercial int...
 This is truly the greatest Swedish movie of al...
 This movie could have been very good, but come...
 Vampires, sexy guys, guns and some blood. Who ...
 The only redemption was the small part by Larr...
 Almost certainly staged montage of women readi...
 Uzumaki is a visually astounding film however ...
 I'm not going to bother mentioning any of the ...
 [POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT]<br /><br />It's unlik...
 This Christmas gift arrived courtesy of TCM. W...
 Helges best movie by far. Very funny, very sur...
 I saw this film and heard the writer-director,...
 The strange people living in a town go about t...
 The ultimate goal of Big Brother, that we know...
 My father took me to see this film when it was...
 That song keeps humming in my head. Not the gr...
 Frankly I met real Han Su Ying before and seei...
 Cor blimey. This film really surprised me as i...
 Have not seen this 1958 film in a very long ti...
 What offends me most about the critics followi...
 My boyfriend and I rented this because we thou...
 This is a gem of a movie not just for people w...
 The Cure is a fantastic film about a boy with ...
 Fascist principal Miss Togar(Mary Woronov, who...
 I'm watching this on the Star World network ov...
 The acting is bad ham, ALL the jokes are super...
 I saw this when it first came out, and found i...
 ...had I watched it in my teenage years. This ...
 Who are these "They"- the actors? the filmmake...
 Despite strong performances by Minnie Driver a...
 Gilmore Girls is one of the funniest, most cle...
 very straight - not happy with the movie.<br /...
 This show is awesome! and I've seen it about 6...
 the only thing great about the movie is its ti...
 I was absolutely mesmerised by this series fro...
 As you can tell from the few comments posted h...
 When I first watched Zoey101 with my sister we...
 The first two Bring It On movies were both qui...
 A tragically wonderful movie... brings us to a...
 so... it's really sexist, and classist, and i ...
 This movie is so bad it's good -- in an uninte...
 EIGHTEEN as written and directed by Richard Be...
 I saw this movie as part of the Midnite Madnes...
 The 2005 edition of the Royal Rumble came live...
 Other than it reassembled the characters from ...
 Lock Up Your Daughters is one of the best high...
 So, Prom Night was supposed to be a horror and...
 Let me just say I loved the original Boogeyman...
 Enjoyed the movie very much. Certainly will le...
 This film has a decidedly weird setting, takin...
 I watched Pola X because Scott Walker composed...
 One of the best documentaries released in rece...
 How on earth this film isn't more widely regar...
 Bradford Dillman plays a scientist who wakes u...
 I really enjoyed the first episode and am look...
 I went to see Vanilla Sky with a huge, huge, h...
 This movie is flawed on many fronts. Like many...
 Well, the episode I just watched had the older...
 I found Horrorvision almost unwatchable. While...
 This junk bore as much resemblance to the nove...
 A great combination: - Chabat's humor - Uderzo...
 For the most part, romance films were never my...
 I'd heard of the case, but hadn't really paid ...
 William Russ is the main character throughout ...
 To start, I'm not a person to rate movies that...
 I'm no Jane Austen purist but why make a film ...
 Lee Chang-dong's exceptional "Secret Sunshine"...
 Heavy-handed moralism. Writers using character...
 This film sat on my Tivo for weeks before I wa...
 This movie is a very enjoyable homage to the B...
 Well...the movie was a fun watch. The main pro...
 I had high hopes for this film, because I thou...
 In this early Fulci work the director shows hi...
 Sheba Shayne (Pam Grier) receives a telegram i...
 With all of its technical flash, the 1993 "Sta...
 This is a film about loneliness and how the di...
 I didn't have much high hopes for this one. Be...
 It wasn't good. The characters were underdevel...
 This film brought back a lot of good memories ...
 <br /><br />I take issue with the other review...
 The first installment of this notorious horror...
 Loosely based on the James J Corbett biography...
 How anyone can praise this crude film version ...
 I consented to watching this movie with a grou...
 G&M started a the odd couple downstairs in Man...
 Felix in Hollywood is a great film. The versio...
 This was a very thought provoking film, especi...
 Now I've seen it all. Just when I thought it c...
 Of course, all this nonsense begs the question...
 Just like all of Mel Brooks' other comedies, M...
 I'll give it a two because it has a lot of mus...
 I was one of quite a few extras in this big bo...
 Well... What to say.<br /><br />I think i shal...
 A fantastic show and an unrealized classic; Th...
 Having just seen this on TMC, it's fresh in my...
 1983 was "the battle of the Bonds". That year ...
 Fellow noir devotees, be not deceived, this is...
 Ben Affleck, about to be married, is shaken up...
 This program didn't do it for me, although I'm...
 For people who are first timers in film making...
 I think this is one of those few movies that I...
 Ignore the extreme votes about "House of Wax",...
 This is a tough film to review, since several ...
 SPOILER ALERT!!!!<br /><br />I had just watche...
 As a professional poker dealer for over 25 yea...
 This is a cherished movie from my childhood!! ...
 When watching this movie, with it's determinis...
 this is one of the stupidest movies ever, not ...
 Margret Laurence probably didn't intend on hav...
 This film is more than the story of Danton. It...
 Despite looking dated, "Inki and the Minah Bir...
 This movie treads on very familiar ground -- t...
 I'll say this much--This director is all about...
 I remember disliking this movie the 1st time I...
 This is a excellent series. You will laugh, yo...
 Lackawanna Blues is a moving story about a boy...
 This film may be great, but it is a complete r...
 I'm pleased that this was the work of foreign ...
 (originally a response to a movie reviewer who...
 I watched it with my mom and we were like...<b...
 Contains Spoilers<br /><br />This is a Peter W...
 Im really addicted to Caprica, because it's a ...
 I think i would rather have my piles clipped w...
 There is nothing at all redeeming about this f...
 First off, I never got into Dr. Who until rece...
 The Danes character finally let's Buddy have t...
 A question for you : A family go to a new hous...
 Well now this strange movie. It was listed as ...
 I've read innumerable reviews talking about th...
 I caught this movie on TV yesterday. I had a c...
 I wasn't born until 4 years after this wonderf...
 Inspired by True events, Radio is one of the b...
 I can't believe how anyone can make a comedy a...
 Hilarious from start to finish, there's got to...
 This was another great Tom Berenger movie.. Bu...
 It is such a strange movie, you can call it aw...
 As a zombie fan, I really love these types of ...
 Return to Frogtown was a hard film to track do...
 Just saw this at the cinema. I haven't read th...
 An example of all of the worst gay stereotypes...
 All logic goes straight out of the train windo...
 Even by 1942 standards of movie-making the set...
 I bought the DVD of this movie because I am a ...
 Even thought I'm not the biggest of Cher fans,...
 While researching Susan Harrison (The Ballerin...
 Like a lot of horror fans out there that went ...
 When Precious Bane aired in America, I was stu...
 If you're going to look after a child, make su...
 I'm a fan of Matthew Modine, but this film--wh...
 Naruse is typically considered one of the 3 ma...
 Just as Tom Berenger put you into the soul of ...
 This one stood out for it's originality. I'm s...
 Being from the Buffalo area I was well aware o...
 Jack Frost 2, is probably the most cheesiest m...
 Perhaps the wildest outlier in Alfred Hitchcoc...
 My favorite part of this film was the old man'...
 Kurosawa is a proved humanitarian. This movie ...
 Paris Je T ' aime is a movie that explores the...
 I saw the German version of the movie in Germa...
 Writers and directors, by the nature of their ...
 Remarkably well done, but under-recognized bec...
 I just saw this at the Toronto International F...
 How this movie got made with a supposedly $70 ...
 Man! I remember this show with nostalgic... I ...
 WOW. If you think that a film can't fatigue in...
 Gamera vs Viras was made lazily and much of it...
 Andaz Apna Apna is my favorite comedy movie of...
 Reality before reality TV? Copy of "Fast Times...
 This is an extremely boring film. If you grew ...
 This could have been a good movie if more thin...
 From the opening shot of the meteor falling to...
 It's a road movie, with a killer on-board. Bri...
 i think that it was just like Lizzie McGuire e...
 This movie, which starts out with a interestin...
 It's rare that I get the opportunity to review...
 "It's funny your worst nightmare always seems ...
 overrated, poorly written, badly acted. did th...
 I don't see how anyone who even likes Van Damn...
 I have grown up with Scooby doo all my life, M...
 MY EYES! IN THE NAME OF GOD AND ALL THAT IS HO...
 It is a very great film (documentary) about Is...
 I really enjoyed this one, and although the en...
 This is just another one of those "American fi...
 Well, I am delighted to hear a rumor that this...
 This movie is about sexual obsession. Bette Da...
 Of course this came out right at the beginning...
 "The first war to be 100% outsourced." Dan Ack...
 Kathryn Bigelow and Mark Boal are already prep...
 The only reason I saw this movie was because i...
 Thank G_d it bombed, or we might get treated t...
 I remember liking this more than Nausicaa of t...
 This movie is awesome due to the fact that it ...
 Take away all parts of the movie that were "pr...
 I was first introduced to this movie while in ...
 This movie may seem scary on commercials, but ...
 I sat through both parts of Che last night, ba...
 Somebody mastered the difficult task of mergin...
 stars: Julianna Donald, Lonny Price and Louis ...
 I was going through a list of Oscar winners an...
 I was VERY disappointed with this film. I expe...
 This was very energetic and well played show. ...
 This is a beautiful, rich, and very well-execu...
 Twenty years ago, the five years old boy Micha...
 I must confess to not having read the original...
 I must admit - the only reason I bought this m...
 I am amazed at the amount of praise that is he...
 ...was so that I could, in good conscience, te...
 Many reviews here explain the story and charac...
 One can only assume that Robert Osborne is con...
 Visconti's masterpiece! I admit that I am unfa...
 When I started watching "Fay Grim", I had no i...
 This film appears to draw a borderline - on on...
 STMD! is one of the most fun and enjoyable low...
 at least for me. and rather unexpected -as sub...
 Cult classics are nearly impossible to predict...
 First of all, I apologize for my English. <br ...
 One of the worst movies I ever saw. My only th...
 WOW! What - a - movie !!!!!!!!!!! I'm not at a...
 Chris Rock, apparently desperate for a cozy st...
 I saw this movie as a very young girl (I'm 27 ...
 Directed and co-written by Eytan Fox the write...
 The Contaminated Man is a good film that has a...
 This movie is terrible. The suspense is spent ...
 It's said that this film is or was banned in t...
 A thin story with many fine shots. Eyecatchers...
 Red Eye starts in Texas where hotel receptioni...
 I actually though that Black Snake Moan was gr...
 This movie was terrible. The acting was awful....
 Following the collapse of Yesilcam (Turkey's a...
 People criticise Disney's animated features of...
 Even if it's not labeled as a Slasher flick, i...
 It may be difficult to believe, but the basic ...
 I'll have to add dissenting comment here. Vari...
 Step Up is a fair dance film about some kids t...
 I have just seen Caribe a couple of nights ago...
 The movie is based on a Jules Verne book I act...
 These writings write about the end of the plot...
 I've read a few of the reviews and I'm kinda s...
 I'm all for the idea of a grand epic of the Am...
 I guess I wasn't sure to what to expect from t...
 It's a rather good movie, but too Americanised...
 Need a lesson in pure, abject failure?? Look n...
 I understand the jokes quite well, they just a...
 I approached this movie with the understanding...
 Oh, I heard so much good about this movie. Wen...
 This movie is one big stereotype. The acting (...
 Strange things happen to Americans Will (Greg ...
 I saw the film in its original theatrical rele...
 Read on and take note - you could save 88 minu...
 This must be one of the most overrated Spanish...
 The prerequisite for making such a film is a c...
 When I had first heard of "Solar Crisis" then ...
 When I saw that Icon was on TV, I was surprise...
 This story takes place in Wisconsin. I was hal...
 I get it the Diehl character is s'posed to be ...
 I've rent the movie because i'm very fond on w...
 In a college dorm a guy is killed by somebody ...
 The excruciatingly slow pace of this film was ...
 I loved "Anchorman; The Legend of Ron Burgundy...
 I couldn't even...I mean...look....okay...<br ...
 my friends and i watched this movie last night...
 Saving Grace is a feel good movie with it's he...
 I first saw the film when it landed on US cabl...
 The Nun is a revenge picture whereby a very st...
 Joe Don Baker. He was great in "Walking Tall" ...
 This series was just like what you would expec...
 ---------SPOILER ALERT------------------------...
 The Leap Years stars some heavy hitters in the...
 Police Story is a stunning series of set piece...
 I awake suddenly, aware that I'm drooling onto...
 Probably Bigas Luna's finest achievement for i...
 GRANNY IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER Ganny is the bes...
 I think that it was just pointless to produce ...
 Finally i thought someone is going to do justi...
 The movie starts out with a bunch of Dead Men ...
 The funniest movie from Britain I have ever se...
 Though the video technology may be dated, this...
 This film starts out with all the moody promis...
 My mom would not let me watch this film when I...
 Gere and Danes star as 2 workers for the depar...
 "I remember waiting to be born..." <br /><br /...
 Naach would have won an Razzie for the Worst F...
 ...Heads, Hands, and Feet - a band from the pa...
 Well I'm probably about to be lambasted by eve...
 Wow probable the worst movie i have ever seen!...
 One day I thought to myself....what is the wor...
 I won't describe the story, as that has been d...
 Vincent Price's follow-up to HOUSE OF WAX (195...
 "Rock 'n' Roll High School" will probably have...
 An unflinching descent into psychological and ...
 Quirky, vulnerable, raw, honest and a treat to...
 Mr. Brento wonders if this movie was produced ...
 This is a rip-off from Cellular. <br /><br />B...
 Every new fall line-up show deserves, at least...
 From the start of "The Edge Of Love", the view...
 I think this programme is a load of rubbish. A...
 'Home Alone 3' is the first of the Home Alone ...
 All but the youngest Americans are probably fa...
 Despite an overall pleasing plot and expensive...
 Unless somebody enlightens me, I really have n...
 Although it has been a failure in movie theate...
 In this TV special Jon is the one who needs a ...
 Silly, often ridiculous romp involving the lan...
 Try not to see this one. I thought it was goin...
 I do not have much to say than this is a great...
 This is how movies are supposed to be made: a ...
 As a "Jane Eyre" fan I was excited when this m...
 Years ago, I found a "bargain bin" copy of thi...
 Charles Chaplin's 'Shoulder Arms' of 1918 was ...
 Jim Wynorski strikes again with the very liter...
 Anybody who thinks this film is great, despera...
 As others have pointed out this movie is a loa...
 A dying Kung Fu master sends out his last stud...
 This movie is one of the worst I've ever seen....
 There ought to be some kind of prosecution to ...
 I saw this movie at an advance screening and f...
 OK I caught this film halfway through, but.oh....
 How pointless, hideous characters and boring f...
 This is just short of a full blown gore fest b...
 The first full-length film featuring the Aardm...
 BASEketball is one of the funniest movies I ha...
 I went to this film full of hope. With so many...
 Yes I AM a FF7 fan, but how many people who wa...
 Shame on Fox for dumping this movie. It was a ...
 It's about time for a female boxing flick, but...
 This was the first regular filmed Columbo movi...
 Watching this stinker constitutes cruel and un...
 This is a wonderful film taking place during t...
 In reaction to the dullness of the films of ac...
 I'll have to admit that I'm at a disadvantage ...
 There's potential in there with "Tell No-one"....
 Dan Dailey gives a sincere and colorful perfor...
 I was fooled to rent this movie by its impress...
 "Haggard: The Movie" is well written, well dir...
 The whole movie was done half-assed. It could ...
 I actually was looking forward to this movie. ...
 It seems there are two kinds of people in the ...
 This is one of my favorite James bond in games...
 This movie was, perhaps, one of the most unori...
 I was really looking forward too seeing this m...
 If you are a weirdo who thinks it's "romantic"...
 David Webb Peoples meets Paul Anderson...if it...
 An excellent depiction of one of the more unwh...
 Tis is a farly typical Tom and Jerry short-a s...
 Look, if I were interested in a Nancy Drew boo...
 I am a huge Eric Roberts fan, I collect his mo...
 It may be, although there are still two or thr...
 "Three" is a seriously dumb shipwreck movie. M...
 All the folks who sit here and say that this m...
 First, I want to clear a common misconception:...
 Let me start off by saying that I didn't watch...
 Low budget "films" like this just give me hope...
 Oh my, from the box description I thought it w...
 "Amazing Grace" has a languid feel to it as it...
 This is Peter Falk's film. Period.<br /><br />...
 As a huge fan of only the first 2 seasons of B...
 Who could possibly sympathize with these two o...
 While I recently gave OPERATION PETTICOAT a po...
 Just utter trash. I'm a huge fan of the Cusack...
 Buyer beware. The Alpha Video release uses a p...
 Well well well. As good as John Carpenter's se...
 How many times must I write the words boring a...
 The only time I seem to trawl through IMDb com...
 Muscular man-ape in the jungles of Africa is h...
 When I went to see this movie i thought that t...
 I saw this 25 years ago on PBS. It was very di...
 Now, admittedly, I'm no ardent student of the ...
 This film is, far and wide and beyond any shad...
 I always hated this retarded show .I liked the...
 The acting was bad, the script was bad and the...
 Wow... what would you do with $33m? Let me giv...
 The Sensuous Nurse (1975) was a Italian sexual...
 In the bygone days of the Catholic Church, a s...
 For the main criticisms of the movie... The lo...
 This is one of my all-time favorites. Great mu...
 In the same tune as his Americana Drums Along ...
 This move is bad on so many levels I don't eve...
 I am not one of those who think King is a grea...
 This early Adam Sandler film could be compared...
 The twins effect is a vampire martial arts mov...
 There are many film now on DVD, but producers ...
 This is a terrible movie, that is barely recog...
 I am only 11 years old but I discovered Full H...
 You know, this movie reminded me so much of so...
 Wow, this was another good spin off of the ori...
 I enjoyed the first "Toxic Avenger," but the s...
 New York, I Love You finally makes it to our s...
 This movie makes you wish imdb would let you v...
 Space Camp, which had the unfortunate luck to ...
 Octavio Paz, Mexican poet, writer, and diploma...
 Having watched 10 minutes of this movie I was ...
 One of quite a few cartoon Scooby Doo films, "...
 This is one of the silliest movies I have ever...
 For some reason my father-in-law gave me a cop...
 It may be hard to explain how, but this film i...
 This show is the worst show ever! Norris and h...
 This only gets bashed because it stars David H...
 Was curious to know the name of the Tuscan vil...
 Just saw the film tonight in a preview and it'...
 London 1862, a young orphan named Susan Trinde...
 The movie uses a cutting edge title for a lame...
 College girl Joanne Murray takes on the unenvi...
 In a genre by itself, this film has a limited ...
 This is one of the great modern kung fu films....
 I for one was glad to see Jim Carrey in a film...
 This "screwy comedy" seems very forced. Indeed...
 Time and time again, it seems that the comedic...
 HUNT FOR JUSTICE is a Canadian television dram...
 This is a pretty faithful adaptation of Masuji...
 The play Bell, Book, and Candle was a favorite...
 Gday Mates! just watched Croc Hunter the movie...
 As someone who lives near Buffalo, New York, t...
 This film exceeded my expectations. I thought ...
 Even though this is one of the worst movies I ...
 I felt cheated out of knowing the whole story....
 The '80's were the best of times and worst of ...
 If it would of had Jack Black listed as the le...
 Maslin Beach is a real nudist/naturist beach s...
 I found this to be a profoundly amusing dark c...
 Hm. Where do I start? I usually ignore whateve...
 Just about everything in this movie is wrong, ...
 We're living in sad times today, in which it s...
 This is what I was expecting when star trek DS...
 I watched DVD 1 only. The program proper may h...
 This movie's heart was in the right place, no ...
 Bottom has been my favourite sitcom ever since...
 This movie was great! It was an excellent rend...
 I won't go into too much detail about the plot...
 This is one of the first films I can remember,...
 This film is about so many things. Most obviou...
 This TV adaptation of Sarah Waters' novel was ...
 This movie was absolutely terrible. I can't be...
 I bought this movie just to see Bam because i ...
 I used to love Sabrina The Teenage Witch and h...
 This movie looked good - good cast, evergreen ...
 Admittedly, I watched the MST3K version of thi...
 Since the day I saw this film when it came out...
 Robin Hood; Men in Tights is worth watching, I...
 Yet again, director J. Lee Thompson unites wit...
 This movie is an example of small budget,ineff...
 After, I watched the films... I thought, "Why ...
 It used to be my thinking that movies required...
 If you haven't seen this movie than you need t...
 This is a truly remarkable piece of cinematic ...
 I didn't expect much from this TV movie. You h...
 Badly shot, badly edited, clumsy dialogue, fla...
 There's something rotten about this film, and ...
 I mean really, how could Charles Band the head...
 From the acting, direction, scriptwriting and ...
 I don't know if I hate this movie as much as I...
 Kudos to director and cast for such a realisti...
 A very funny movie. It was good to see Jim Car...
 Visconti's first film has all his trademark vi...
 Let's think people , quit bad-mouthing the ori...
 Combining serious drama with adequate comedy i...
 Five Across the Eyes starts as five young teen...
 From the mind of Robert Bloch, of "Psycho" fam...
 I saw Wicked Little Things as part of the "8 F...
 This is about some vampires (who can run aroun...
 This film really disappointed me. The acting i...
 Well, I saw this movie yesterday and it's - un...
 So much great chemistry between Kristen Scott-...
 JAMES STEWART plays an FBI agent who began wor...
 I really wanted to see this film - I thought t...
 It is important not to be insulted by lack of ...
 While its not the masterpiece that "Le Samoura...
 Decent animation and some workable character d...
 Not well done at all, the whole movie was just...
 Plunkett and MaCleane are two highwaymen that ...
 Despite excellent trailers for Vanilla Sky, I ...
 I thought this was a really well written film....
 We picked this up as a part of a Brentwood set...
 Director: Tay Garnett, Ford Beebe, Cast: Mike ...
 Going into the movie with the right expectatio...
 This disaster flick is a remake of a 1973 movi...
 My only reason registering to this site was fo...
 There were some scary scenes, which I've alway...
 This movie is wonderful. It always has been al...
 The premise of the story is common enough; ave...
 A comedy of epically funny proportions from th...
 To Be Honost With you i think everything was s...
 I saw the trailer of the film several times at...
 Based on the excellent novel, Watchers by Dean...
 The movie is about two brothers that are suppo...
 I deliberately did not read any reviews of thi...
 This film had a couple of funny parts,but for ...
 Poor geeky Marty (Simon Scuddamore) gets horri...
 How in the world does a thing like this get in...
 Joyce Reynolds seems a might grown-up for the ...
 I love camp movies, believe me and the usual t...
 Higher Learning says its OK for blacks to torm...
 I saw this movie on TV and loved it! I am a re...
 What a clunker!<br /><br />It MUST have been m...
 Although the film does have a fairly stylish l...
 and possibly closest to the Dickens story line...
 John Waters most accessible film to date is on...
 Why was this movie ever made?They have tarnish...
 My husband and I bought the Old School Sesame ...
 I really enjoyed this movie. I have probably w...
 What a movie! It has undeniably entertaining s...
 When one thinks of 1950s science fiction films...
 Maiden Voyage is just that. I'd like to say st...
 Although a film with Bruce Willis is always wo...
 The chupacabra, according to this mockumentary...
 Caught this film on TCM in the early A.M. It w...
 Set in 2017 (although one might easily mistake...
 My first clue about how bad this was going to ...
 The basic plot of this film has already been d...
 This movie contains one of Richard Dreyfuss's ...
 To be honest i had heard this was pretty bad b...
 (No need to recap the plot, since others have ...
 A very moving and thought provoking film that ...
 There are only two movies I would give a 1/10 ...
 After Matt Dillon's phenomenal performance in ...
 clara bow's beauty and wonderful appeal are th...
 i expected this movie to be absolutely god awf...
 First off, I'm not some Justin Timberlake fang...
 Going into seeing this movie I was a bit skept...
 This odd little film starts out with the story...
 A film about wannabee's, never-were's and less...
 The cat and mouse are involved in the usual ch...
 I heard the stories of the ravers in the movie...
 It's official, folks -- Hou Hsiao-Hsien doesn'...
 I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad...
 This movie is the most moving and funny movie ...
 What a disappointment... admittedly the best o...
 There are very few movies that are so funny as...
 This film has a clear storyline, which is quit...
 Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais have a solid h...
 I think that most everyone wants to believe th...
 I cannot believe that this movie was ever crea...
 This one kind of is like an earlier movie from...
 As the film reviewer for a local gay magazine ...
 There are few really hilarious films about sci...
 Wow, "The Curse of Michael Myers" what a great...
 When I found the movie in the schedule for Chr...
 This is a great movie to watch with a good fri...
 what can i say, this film is amazing. it has i...
 Very stark, very drab, no real drama. Why not ...
 (mild spoilers)<br /><br />This movie was filt...
 The only good thing about this film is they ma...
 This is what the musical genre was made of. Hu...
 What the ........... is this ? This must, with...
 This movie is so, so, so horrible, that it mak...
 I admit the problem I have with the much-celeb...
 We should all congratulate Uwe Boll. He's done...
 It a bit peculiar that a story that is placed ...
 "Casomai" is a masterful tale depicting the st...
 The film begins with people on Earth discoveri...
 Going into this movie, I was a bit cautious. I...
 Ok with this film there are a number of ingred...
 I was really disappointed with this film. The ...
 `The United States of Kiss My Ass'<br /><br />...
 In following Dylan Moran's star from the charm...
 I found this movie to be educational, entertai...
 David Duchovney creates a role that he was to ...
 I really wanted to like this film but it barel...
 I have always been a huge James Bond fanatic! ...
 This film has some flaws, and most of those fl...
 Sometimes it takes a film-making master like K...
 This is an absurdist dark comedy from Belgium....
 As for many on here I can't help but praise th...
 The plot is rocky. The acting is somewhere sou...
 I's a big struggle. As a story that is surreal...
 Anyone who critiques 'Jacqueline Hyde' as anyt...
 Viewing DE VIERDE MAN (aka THE FOURTH MAN) is ...
 Worst. Movie. Ever. I can't believe they had t...
 Cheaply pieced together of recycled film foota...
 After Kenneth Opel's rousing story of the invi...
 Words cannot describe how utterly abysmal this...
 THE CRIMSON RIVERS is one of the most over-dir...
 "Dead Man Walking" is one of the most powerful...
 It's one of my favorites TV series. A wonderfu...
 This movie is a lot of fun. What makes it grea...
 This film is a good start for novices that hav...
 Gregory Peck gives a brilliant performance in ...
 A very slick modern (keeping it sensually hip)...
 You've seen the same tired, worn out clichéd s...
 Red Rock West is one of those tight noir thril...
 The film is hugely enjoyable with a great cast...
 Forever Strong is a type of film we've seen ma...
 A beautiful and touching movie that deserves a...
 The film was half over before I managed to fig...
 I was lucky to see "Oliver!" in 1968 on a big ...
 This is a fascinating film--especially to old ...
 The price of a dream - and some dreams can be ...
 Watching QUINTET is not unlike watching a grou...
 ... or was Honest Iago actually smirking at th...
 Took a chance to see if perhaps a really good ...
 THE TOY BOX (1971) BOMB<br /><br />Sure, I lik...
 Legend of Zu<br /><br />I remember well Tsui H...
 The summary line above, spoken by James Cloud ...
 "In 1955, Tobias Schneerbaum disappeared in th...
 Great Woody Allen? No. Good Woody Allen? Defin...
 The aftermath of World War Two almost resulted...
 Jack Lemmon was one of our great actors. His p...
 Dear me. Where do I start? The dad isn't anywh...
 This one took me by surprise because i had oft...
 I saw this version about a decade ago, and hav...
 I first saw this film when I was about seven y...
 War Inc. is a funny but strange film. The acto...
 Stupid, mindless drivel about a jet assembled ...
 I haven't seen any other films by Antonioni an...
 Another Excellent Arnold movie. This futuristi...
 Being a Film studies graduate I would like to ...
 Nick Cage is Gates, a treasure hunter (oh, exc...
 This film has got several key flaws. The first...
 I didn't even watch this whole movie. Now, I l...
 This is just a butchering of a wonderful story...
 This movie sucked. The acting sucked, the scri...
 The people who are bad-mouthing this film are ...
 Oh, brother. The only reason this very irritat...
 Van Sant copies Hitchcock's masterpiece shot f...
 <br /><br />"After dark, my sweet" is a strang...
 Jon Voight is brilliant in Midnight Cowboy, bu...
 There's no way to confront 'Zabriskie Point' f...
 I like animated shows. I enjoy the Nick fare p...
 Although Twenty Minutes of Love is a harmless ...
 Sergio Martino has impressed me recently with ...
 I've heard about this movie for many years, an...
 Roy Anderson's film 'You, The Living' comprise...
 A plane carrying employees of a large biotech ...
 I'm usually quite tolerant of movies, and very...
 OK.... I just have 3 words - cheesy, cheesy an...
 Got to this show late - believe it was the 3rd...
 It was dumb. Sort of like an Adam Sandler movi...
 Amen to Magsel. There was a lot of confusion g...
 Hi! I'm Sheena, an African (yet white!) jungle...
 Lately they have been trying to hock this film...
 Princess Tam Tam is without the trappings of r...
 The recent history of Hollywood remakes of gho...
 After having seen the movie the first question...
 What is enjoyable about watching random movies...
 Very good western.This was the first time writ...
 I used to love watching this. I had no idea it...
 Here's my first David Mamet directed film. Fit...
 Canadian director Vincenzo Natali took the art...
 In a very short time, the movie showed a boy's...
 As cute and adorable as they are, the story of...
 A very young Ginger Rogers trades quick quips ...
 This movie is awful, I'm SORRY. I bought this ...
 I'll never understand why when a studio like U...
 First saw this half a lifetime ago on a black-...
 This is better then the first. The movie opens...
 The Violent Men is pretty good western that ce...
 This movie is well done. It really attempts to...
 I think that movie can`t be a Scott`s film. Th...
 Though it's a Christmas movie, "Christmas in C...
 To anyone who might think this show isn't for ...
 This is one of the anime films from The Animat...
 I wasted 5.75 to see this crappy movie so I ju...
 This is a truly classic movie in its story, ac...
 Start with the script. I have seen cartoons wi...
 This is the greatest movie if you want inspira...
 This is an excellent film, with an extraordina...
 Cinematography--Compared to 'The Wrestler,' a ...
 Another bad spanish picture. This is very baaa...
 Holes, originally a novel by Louis Sachar, was...
 In this first episode of Friends, we are intro...
 Where the Sidewalk Ends is quite a good film-n...
 This movie is a great film. The movie shows so...
 Disappointing, predictable film in which a wom...
 Did this gem go direct to video? Fabulous art ...
 It seems that it is becoming fashionable to ri...
 its a totally average film with a few semi-alr...
 A worn-out plot of a man who takes the rap for...
 [WARNING: Some spoilers included, though it is...
 So far Miguel Bardem's career it's been one of...
 Does anyone care about any of the characters i...
 I was eager to see "Mr. Fix It" because I'm a ...
 My Take: A funny take on THE LION KING, posing...
 The BBC and the Arts & Entertainment Network s...
 I live in Ottawa where this film was made and ...
 Alan Alda plays real-life "Sports Illustrated"...
 Red Skelton was still another major star who m...
 This could have been a breakout role for Valer...
 I somehow failed for a few years to see this f...
 this has by far been one of the most beautiful...
 Chloe is mysteriously saved from Dr. Caselli, ...
 Calling all D-sciples! Grab your friends, hit ...
 If you want to watch a good film about how wom...
 this episode is not incoherent like another pe...
 When a friend once lambasted me for my first m...
 First of all, season 1 is intolerably bad. The...
 Geordies...salt of the earth characters...bric...
 Like most sports movies which have come out in...
 I love this film. Tense with great characters....
 I actually liked certain things about this gam...
 Okay, so it starts very unimaginatively with a...
 Five-year-old Michael sees his mother getting ...
 Terminus Paradis was exceptional, but "Niki ar...
 (May contain spoilers) I find myself disappoin...
 Well I guess I know the answer to that questio...
 Long before Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins wo...
 I liked this film a lot. The actors were great...
 So umm this woman has a vagina that sucks peop...
 This Horror movie is definitely one of the bes...
 Investigative reporter Darren McGavin (as Carl...
 Fred Williamson, one of the two or three top b...
 I first seen this movie like a year and a half...
 The Lack of content in this movie amazed me th...
 It's pretty surprising that this wonderful fil...
 Whether you watch the regular version of this ...
 I fail to see how anyone who has actually read...
 Anyone who has seen this movie and reviewed it...
 To paraphrase the previous reviewer's comments...
 I had high hopes for this movie, because I enj...
 I saw this movie on Thursdays night after havi...
 I first saw this movie on some movie channel (...
 In Cold Blood was one of several 60s films tha...
 "The Leap Years" is a movie adapted from an e-...
 Although the director tried(the filming was ma...
 This is actually an insult to the victims and ...
 This TV-made thriller is all talk, little acti...
 I give "Flashdance" a lowest rating of 1 out o...
 I had lost faith in Sooraj R. Barjatya after t...
 "Black Angel" is minor whodunit, with June Vin...
 When I rented this I was hoping for what "Reig...
 This is the best direct-to-DVD effort from Van...
 You gotta love the spaghetti western universe....
 Do not see this movie if you value your mind. ...
 OK the director remakes LOVE ACTUALLY The dire...
 The barbarians maybe´s not the best film that ...
 Reading my review of THE HOUSE THAT SCREAMED, ...
 "The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film" is...
 Anyone who knows anything about evolution woul...
 There is one good thing in this movie: Lola Gl...
 Oh man, does this movie ever bite! If you were...
 A friend of mine, who is even more into 1970s ...
 My first question, is NOT about the horrible a...
 I hadn't heard of this film until I read an ar...
 A pig-tailed Linnea Quigley drinks milk, strip...
 Caught this 1969 film on cable TCM one night. ...
 WARNING! This review will reveal the ending of...
 Witchy Hildegard Knef traps a group of people ...
 Born Again the Limerick: <br /><br />If a man ...
 So we're supposed to find it funny that this w...
 Buddy Manucci(Roy Scheider, solid in a chance ...
 In a movie that follows a struggling actor, pl...
 Koyaanisqatsi and Powaqqatsi are both Beautifu...
 An unusual film from Ringo Lam and one that's ...
 This was obviously a low budget film. It shows...
 I usually enjoy watching Laurel and Hardy, but...
 Despite gorgeous and breathtaking animation, t...
 Kid found as a baby in the garbage and raised ...
 The definition of a vampire is an inhumane cor...
 The film is about the battle of Stalingrad. Fo...
 My mother and I rented this gem a few years ag...
 Sometimes a movie is so comprehensively awful ...
 Tipping the Velvet has just three weeks ago be...
 Surprisingly well done for an independent film...
 Inspired by a true story tale is full of 1970'...
 One of Chaplin's longest films up to that poin...
 I was prepared for a bad movie, and a bad movi...
 Wow this was a great Italian "ZOMBIE" movie by...
 I always try not to be harsh while criticizing...
 The tragedy is that this piece of rubbish was ...
 OK I had higher hopes for this Carnosaur movie...
 This movie is really sick, and funny. I have m...
 Sometimes you get exactly what you expect. A f...
 This was the most uninteresting horror flick I...
 It's the nature of businesses to try to capita...
 Diagnosis Murder is one of the only programs i...
 I rented this movie not knowing what to expect...
 As always Joan Hickson is wonderful as Jane M....
 I was really looking forward to seeing this fi...
 Even though we know how the story ends, this i...
 I was 19 or 20, years old at the time and livi...
 When we started watching this series on cable,...
 At the beginning of the movie, Ramgopal Verma ...
 I had numerous problems with this film.<br /><...
 I don't mind the odd artsy film. But when they...
 A team varied between Scully and Mulder, two o...
 I *loved* the original Scary Movie. I'm a huge...
 Oh, God! Why didn't you give this money for ch...
 Background info - The movies Octopussy & Never...
 Fairly interesting exploitation flick in black...
 This is a great adaptation and a great miniser...
 Joe was first released in the US in the summer...
 In the era of the Farrelly Brothers and the Ja...
 This is the most compelling and excellent perf...
 The brilliance of this movie is that even a co...
 This has got to be one of absolute worst movie...
 I rented this because I'm a bit weary of '80s ...
 Even Steve Martin and Dan Aykroyd couldn't sav...
 This is a film that had a lot to live down to ...
 A 1957 (yes, that's the correct date) J. Arthu...
 This video contains an outsmart way to confuse...
 After being forced to sit through some real st...
 I love this movie. I mean the story may not be...
 Really good horror flick featuring to of the g...
 So pathetic its not even funny. From the first...
 A craven, cowardly film. Director Boorman show...
 The only aspect of this film that saves it fro...
 I also saw this upon its release in '56, and h...
 This movie was a complete waste of time.<br />...
 I'd heard of Eddie Izzard, but had never seen ...
 Stephen King is generally known for the morbid...
 I was bored, around 10pm, so I watched this mo...
 Letting the class watch this in English was a ...
 My mom, my cousins, and I are pretty big Jane ...
 I really wanted to like this film as I have ad...
 If you want to see a retarded homosexual Karat...
 A SOUND OF THUNDER. One of the greatest short ...
 A pre-Nerd Robert Carradine, a pre-Automan Des...
 I was looking forward to this ride, and was ho...
 Mr. Moto's Gamble has a fairly straight forwar...
 OK, aside from the psychedelic background imag...
 Black Snake Moan is uproarious. It is over-flo...
 As a community theater actor who works hard at...
 I was delighted to see this gem of a film avai...
 I thought that this was an absolutely charming...
 Some guy named Karl Rhamarevich learns how to ...
 "THE KING OF QUEENS," in my opinion, is a pure...
 This show has everything you could ever want f...
 Doppelganger has its moments, but they are few...
 No,<br /><br />Basically your watching somethi...
 This movie is a lot better than the asylums ve...
 I spotted in the guide to films list for the S...
 this movie is not good.the first one almost su...
 This thing is really awfull. There´s no charac...
 After seeing NAKED CITY and NIGHT AND THE CITY...
 I saw this movie a few months ago on cable, an...
 Although Cameron Grant was clearly hired to re...
 One of the more prominent/popular episodes, bu...
 I was a still photographer working in Europe t...
 I find myself comparing all stand-up acts to t...
 I watched this movie purely for the setting. I...
 This movie is just downright horrible, the mov...
 Burt Reynolds directed this action movie and (...
 It was full of plot holes, inaccuracies (doesn...
 Here is proof of why Mary Pickford was `Americ...
 I used to think that "It Came from Hollywood" ...
 There are a few things in life that we can't e...
 Actually I feel like having my review be that ...
 Retitled from its original Japanese name of LA...
 No shortage of female flesh but still not inte...
 This movie just pulls you so deeply into the t...
 In this tense and character-driven romantic tr...
 Don't let the wildly varying reviews of the mo...
 Having just borrowing the Series one DVD colle...
 I blind bought this movie and am pretty upset ...
 When a comedy movie boasts its marvelous sound...
 "Fever Pitch" is a sweet and charming addition...
 The 221 episodes of "The Lone Ranger" were ori...
 I would like to make it very clear that I am n...
 I can't believe I rarely ever see this title m...
 This movie gives a cinematic example of the wo...
 Once big action star who fell off the face of ...
 It's interesting to see what shape Pierce Bros...
 This documentary is such a wonderful example o...
 "Once in the life" is a very good movie. Howev...
 Watchable little semi-soaper, but hardly capti...
 I'm always interested to see neglected movies ...
 A have a female friend who is currently being ...
 It's really too bad that nobody knows about th...
 Subspecies is set in Romania where two America...
 It's interesting that a novel with no plot has...
 A small funny film. It is totally incredible, ...
 When it was released, in the beginning of the ...
 This is one of my favorite sports movies. Denn...
 The story: Young-goon is a girl whose family h...
 A Cinderella story made for adults who live in...
 This is a funny movie, there's not a lot of th...
 -it has Carla Gugino *yay* and a crappy ending...
 Greetings;<br /><br />I never thought I would ...
 Let me start off by saying that after watching...
 In this 1943 film, Judy Garland is deemed not ...
 Lucille Ball was a mighty power in television ...
 I was duped into watching this by the many fri...
 I am not a usual commenter on this website but...
 If you're going to spoof James Bond it's a bri...
 The creepy demons "The Gentlemen" capture the ...
 Piper, Prue and Phoebe bring Dr. Griffiths to ...
 This two-parter was excellent - the best since...
 Call me stupid, but I absolutely loved the 200...
 In 1968, Stanley Kubrick made this historic fi...
 The Matador is better upon reflection because ...
 This has to be one of the worst movies I've ev...
 I mean let's face it, all you have to do in mo...
 I really liked this movie ... but the ads I sa...
 The final frames of the original "American Gra...
 This movie was awful. The ending was absolutel...
 You want a movie that'll take you places? Well...
 don't mind the soundtrack, which is played out...
 This movie sucked plain and simple. Okay so it...
 This movie is brilliant in every way. It touch...
 Oh my god. oh my god, i cant get over this mov...
 "Live Together, Die Alone" is divided into thr...
 The first time you see The Second Renaissance ...
 If you know the story of Grey Owl, you'll love...
 Since I am required to write minimum of 10 lin...
 From "36 Chowringhee Lane" to "15 Park Avenue"...
 A serious comedy. Ross Hunter-produced movie v...
 A very cheesy and dull road movie, with the in...
 Hey, it's only TV. Sure, it's STAR TREK, the m...
 The thing that really gets me about this movie...
 First of all, this movie reminded me of the ol...
 Look it's Eva Longoria and Paul Rudd in a movi...
 What exactly was going on during World War 11 ...
 Oh god, what a horrible, horrible film. Meant ...
 This is one of the most spiritual movies I hav...
 David Attenborough brings his fascination of w...
 'The Adventures Of Barry McKenzie' started lif...
 Hot Millions is a great movie in every way. A ...
 Bad. Personal opinion? The folks who made it? ...
 Johnny Weissmuller's final film as 'King of th...
 John Candy. Need we say more? He is the main r...
 From the crash of the opening theme, "The Man ...
 Flat characters that you do not and never will...
 A moderately interesting start, some pretty sc...
 Intelligent, wry, and thrilling, "The Invisibl...
 I'm from Texas so I thought I knew big hair, b...
 The whole set-up of this contrived Disney fami...
 Perhaps the most personal of David Lynch's wor...
 This movie is a blatant attempt by the left in...
 Ugh, bad, bad, bad, but I have seen worse whic...
 In the history of movies based on comic books,...
 As so many others have written, this is a wond...
 From the Q & A before and after, this is what ...
 I saw this film when I was 10 or 11 years old,...
 His music, especially what we hear of it here,...
 Wow... 5 more hours of Riget. Lars continues t...
 I watched this on a weekend afternoon as there...
 The film begins with a cranky old Broadway pro...
 A lot about USA The Movie can be summed up in ...
 This film actually starts out pretty interesti...
 Even in a bad film, there is usually some rede...
 Personally, I don't like a lot of b/w movies, ...
 An inspired choice of director for this latest...
 New York, 1953. One hot night, four famous ico...
 It is only Robert De Niro film which I really ...
 There's this whole theory of horror that some ...
 When I first saw a small scene of it in some a...
 This movie was so ridiculous i never even fini...
 This film was filled with great acting, great ...
 I can just picture how this movie came to be:<...
 Having heard so much about the 1990s Cracker s...
 OK... so... I really like Kris Kristofferson a...
 Kureishi hasn't exactly been blessed with movi...
 Shiri Appleby is the cutest little embodiment ...
 The guy did a lot of title design for a bunch ...
 You want the worst horror movie of the 21st ce...
 Even if it won't give one more than previous p...
 Not being a movie aficionado, I am not familia...
 Alain Chabat claims this movie as his original...
 Chris Smith is a superior filmmaker with the s...
 It is an extremely difficult film to watch, pa...
 I saw this last night in Fort Lauderdale. In g...
 I had to call my mother (a WASP) to ask her ab...
 Our imp of the perverse did good his first tim...
 this is one of my all time favourite films. it...
 I haven't written a review on here in ages but...
 It's a strange, yet somehow impressive story, ...
 "Land of Plenty" is not a film. It is a tombst...
 I found "The Arab Conspiracy" in a bargain bin...
 I was prepared to love "Where's Poppa", it fea...
 Imagine the most cliche ridden b-movie horror ...
 "The Beautiful Country" is a big disappointmen...
 It was high time a movie about the situation i...
 It's a kinder, gentler Cyborg movie with a lov...
 Titanic is a long but well made tragic adventu...
 I saw this movie in the first couple of weeks ...
 Altioklar: Master of the thieves. <br /><br />...
 Olivier, Kosentsev, Richardson, Coranado, Zeff...
 With Knightly and O'Tool as the leads, this fi...
 this movie let me down decidedly hard. it was ...
 I feel terribly sorry! Where the Lubitsch-pic ...
 Having a close experience with one such patien...
 After 10 years, it is finally save to say that...
 Not like I went in expecting a lot out of it, ...
 I won't give anything away by describing the p...
 Like a few people I know, I came in late on 'S...
 In a really neat spin on Hitchcock, Larry (Bil...
 Roy Rogers stars as Jesse James and his look-a...
 Elizabeth Ward Gracen, who will probably only ...
 Maybe it was the excessive weight gain Seagal ...
 I found the Movie very interesting. I really e...
 I just saw this film in Austin Texas at the Au...
 Just as the new BSG wasn't what fans of the or...
 Fairly good movie, but not a true story.<br />...
 It's a shame this movie is so hard to get your...
 SPOILER ALERT ! ! ! Personally I don't underst...
 One of Bolls better attempts. Just shows that ...
 One wonders about the state of a society that ...
 Watch the 1936 version. As personally annoying...
 Another example of the women-in-prison genre. ...
 This is the lamest, crappiest, idiotic, stupid...
 This is my favorite of the three care bears mo...
 If you like Pauly Shore, you'll love Son in La...
 The animation in this re-imagining of Peter & ...
 As someone who has never condescended Adam San...
 My Super Ex-Girlfriend is an entertaining movi...
 Symbolism galore, great tunes, this film crush...
 A very realistic portrait of a broken family a...
 This movie has been poorly received and badly ...
 ..."Inglorious" as our local theater decided t...
 The year 2000 had been a bad year for indian f...
 A brilliant animated piece that was far ahead ...
 I only recently found out that Madeleine L'Eng...
 A harrowing masterpiece on the sheer madness a...
 Oh my, where to start... this movie was just a...
 This is a terrible remake of a marginal, but w...
 ...and not in a good way. BASEketball is a was...
 Richard Schickel's 1991 documentary about Gary...
 This is what happens when a franchise gets laz...
 I really thought they did an *excellent* job, ...
 If you are looking for a phony Hollywood actio...
 54 is a film about a club with that very title...
 I really looked forward to this program for tw...
 An illegal immigrant resists the social suppor...
 I have seen this movie twice, once a few years...
 Most italian horror lovers seem to hate this m...
 I haven't seen this movie in 30 years so I don...
 This show makes me(and many others) hate their...
 The plane is a 747 Jumbo. The cockpit is locat...
 When I saw the first preview for this, I nearl...
 Frank Sinatra has one of his best roles as a r...
 The most remarkable thing about "Talk Radio" i...
 I think I agree that a lot of the comments her...
 Thre isn't a single Scorsese movie I'd place o...
 The setup for "Nature of the Beast" is ingenio...
 So the wife and I just finished it despite sev...
 This movie doesn't even deserve a one. This wa...
 Really, it's nothing much. I only recommend wa...
 ... Once. "Manos, the Hands of Fate." That was...
 The whole town of Blackstone is afraid, becaus...
 yes barney is nonsense now but when i was a ki...
 Well, at least we have to acknowledge the big ...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** Well, seeing as ...
 Inglorious Basterds is a dark and violent comi...
 Robert Altman shouldn't make a movie like this...
 I'll preface my review by stating that I am no...
 I was lucky enough recently to see Ingrid Berg...
 There is some spectacular, heart stoppingly be...
 Very entertaining, and a great cast as noted. ...
 Just Before Dawn is one of those really good s...
 Who the heck is responsible for this terrible ...
 This is a review of The Wizard, not to be conf...
 After watching KHAKEE i felt i'll get to watch...
 in a time of predictable movies, in which abou...
 Okay. So I just got back. Before I start my re...
 This Schiffer guy is a real genius! The movie ...
 Oh dear. this was quite possibly the worst fil...
 Ah, clichés, clichés, clichés; They're a main ...
 Istanbul is another one of those expatriate fi...
 let me first say, i watched this movie around ...
 Satya was excellent.... Company was just as go...
 I normally only write reviews for movies I rea...
 Loved today's show!!! It was a variety and not...
 This makes the third Errol Morris movie I've s...
 Gayniggers from Outer Space is a short foreign...
 A chemical spill is turning people into zombie...
 ...but it'll make you wonder if we had any in ...
 Oh, man, how low serials had fallen as by 1952...
 Criticism of the film EVENING, based on the no...
 I would just like it to be known, that I do no...
 Its a truly awful movie with a laughable story...
 He's not your conventional cab driver.<br /><b...
 Another sadistic and ultra-sleazy late 70's/ea...
 If good intentions made a film great, then thi...
 To begin with, I loved göta kanal 1, it had a ...
 First of all there wasn't really anything in t...
 I'm from Australia and have watched with respe...
 This film was different. It took a sort of typ...
 This film is chock-full of little surprises, m...
 It was hard to watch this film and be totally ...
 Bette Davis turns in a coldly amusing performa...
 Rating: *1/2 out of ****<br /><br />"The Net" ...
 What a fantastic premise: A movie about the Be...
 This movie is masterly directed by Clive barke...
 Once again Canadian TV outdoes itself and crea...
 The intricate plot, great visuals, the world's...
 In 1984, Edgar Reitz surprised film-lovers all...
 A pot - boiler if ever I saw one. A supposed t...
 Worst movie ever!! Its not clever or funny or ...
 How can you go wrong with a film that mixes th...
 many people have said that this movie was not ...
 I watched DEATH MACHINES as part of BCI Eclips...
 Poor Robert Englund makes another flop and to ...
 I was thrilled by the fresh (pun intended) syn...
 Franco Rossi's 1985 six-hour Italian mini-seri...
 As a forty-something urban explorer/photograph...
 A genuine screaming situation comedy farce of ...
 This is a great movie for first time ninjas wh...
 Just saw this at the Madison Horror Film Festi...
 This morning, I found myself unexpectedly reme...
 I am marking this as a "spoiler" only because ...
 Very unnecessary movie with characters that ar...
 This stupid, anti-environment wannabe "Jaws" i...
 This movie was God-awful, from conception to e...
 A friend of mine showed me this film yesterday...
 Although I saw this movie in Korea, in Korean,...
 The makers ask for a huge suspension of disbel...
 it´s a movie to see on tv and only once.. i me...
 This was so much better than i expected, the f...
 This was, without a doubt, the worse horror mo...
 This film is actually pertinent even today giv...
 Watching this last night it amazed me that Fox...
 Quite a ways away from "Go Fish". Both were go...
 While the idea is more original than most Sci-...
 The infamous Ed Wood "classic" Plan 9 From Out...
 Miriam Hopkins is "The Lady with Red Hair" in ...
 I'd have to say that I've seen worse Sci Fi Ch...
 ...a true geek-girl's dream: high tech, high d...
 "Absolute Beginners" was a film for the younge...
 This is a good movie, a good family movie to w...
 According to this board, I guess either you lo...
 Lance Henriksen has a knack for being the top ...
 As horror fans we all know that blind rentals ...
 It seems at least vaguely possible that this m...
 I could not agree less with the rating that wa...
 This is a brilliant sci-fi movie that is very ...
 Oh I remember watching this show at 4:00 p.m. ...
 Usually musicals in the 1940's were of a set f...
 The Woman in Black (1989) is a TV adaptation o...
 It's been a long time since I last saw a movie...
 2:37 is an intense and fascinating drama which...
 all i have to say is if you don't like it then...
 This movie was a total yawnfest that took fore...
 This movie was better than I expected. I don't...
 This is a decent little flick made in Michigan...
 The thing viewers will remember most is the ba...
 'Never Been Kissed' is a real feel good film. ...
 This is a quite slow paced movie, slowly build...
 I usually don't walk out of a movie, but halfw...
 Journalist Bob Woodward's blistering, scatters...
 This crew-versus-monsta has been done a hundre...
 This movie is the first of the six infamous Gu...
 Contains *spoilers* - also, my quotes may not ...
 Perhaps, one of the most important and enjoyab...
 First, an explanation: Despite my headline, I'...
 There were so many classic movies that were ma...
 Another movie that makes the story of The Beac...
 Some critics found this film bleak, but for me...
 Unless you are between the ages of 10 and 14 (...
 I'm serious as well, I mean don't get me wrong...
 For the record, I am a Curly fan through and t...
 If you fast forward through the horrible singi...
 I'm not a fan of scratching, but I really dug ...
 Pros: Nothing<br /><br />Cons: Everything<br /...
 Worthless movie. A complete waste of time and ...
 OK. So it's a low-budget "film" (I used the qu...
 The silent one-panel cartoon Henry comes to Fl...
 The film is about a sabretooth on the lose at ...
 Good show.<br /><br />The basic background is ...
 According to the article at http://blog.ifeng....
 This is the first and as far as I can tell, th...
 This film is a complete re-imagining of Romeo ...
 In the immortal "Shaun of the Dead", we are in...
 warning:It contains spoilers. If a movie start...
 A small-town schoolteacher (Geena Davis) slowl...
 Golden Boy is in my opinion one the sleeper / ...
 This review contains a partial spoiler.<br /><...
 Just love the interplay between two great char...
 As much as I love Rodney Dangerfield, this was...
 This movie could have had a lot of potential. ...
 PLOT IN A NUTSHELL: Dave Seville, father figur...
 I loved this film because of the dialog and su...
 Excellent movie, albeit slightly predictable. ...
 Hey everyone...<br /><br />There really isn't ...
 Imagine being so hampered by a bureaucracy tha...
 I preface by stating I am a big fan of JJL and...
 I enjoyed it. In general, I'm not a fan of com...
 I love oddball animation, I love a lot of Asia...
 What could be expected from any Adam Sandler-p...
 Cat Soup at first seems to be a very random an...
 This very strange movie is unlike anything mad...
 This movie could have been summed up in about ...
 I admit I go more for the traditional vampire ...
 Three delinquents disturb the tomb of an ancie...
 This Movie as the 1st KSA's movie should be ac...
 The Shirley Jackson novel 'The Haunting of Hil...
 New York police detective Mark Dixon (Dana And...
 I was lying on my bed, with a really bad cold ...
 "Dressed to Kill" is Brian DePalma's best film...
 First of all, this is a low-budget movie, so m...
 EL MAR is a tough, stark, utterly brilliant, b...
 On the positive, I'll say it's pretty enough t...
 Joe Buck (Jon Voight) decides he's going to le...
 Following the success of the (awful) Gilligan'...
 The Great War breaks out and Daddy is a brave ...
 Arg. The shuffling dinosaurs are back to take ...
 Missed it at the cinema, but was always slight...
 My friends and I rented this movie mistaking i...
 I recently rented this doc, having remembered ...
 Although I am very familiar with poet Dylan Th...
 I got Mirror Mirror mainly because Yvonne De C...
 'How to Lose Friends and Alienate People' is a...
 I was surprised at just how much I enjoyed thi...
 (This is a review of the later English release...
 the boys were the most appealing things in the...
 OK..... This is the third in the series of car...
 Plodding, maybe that should have been the titl...
 Hare Rama Hare Krishna was the biggest hit mov...
 The beautiful story of Stardust is written by ...
 Major Payne was really not very good at all. D...
 Every scene was put together perfectly.This mo...
 Tenants Two writers struggle to complete their...
 I've heard people compare this movie to Sidewa...
 I remember this movie from when i was 12, it w...
 This movie is wonderful. What separates it fro...
 The film is side spliting from the outset, Edd...
 I was drawn to this movie, curious to see how ...
 Ringmaster, Jerry Springer's pathetic excuse f...
 Red Eye is not the kind of movie that's going ...
 I must admit that I didn't get around to seein...
 2005 gave us the very decent "gore porn" flick...
 Complete drivel. An unfortunate manifestation ...
 "Algie, the Miner" is one bad and unfunny sile...
 I remember hitch hiking to Spain at 25, gettin...
 The film tells you to be aware and conscientio...
 Simon West's remake of the 1979 horror classic...
 Everything about this film is simply incredibl...
 This movie is, in all likelihood, the worst fi...
 This is one of the funniest shows on TV today....
 A genuinely odd, surreal jumble of visual idea...
 I'm actually too drained to write this review ...
 Frank Horrigan (Clint Eastwood) is a secret se...
 This is by far the most vapid, idiotic, insane...
 IS there any reason to revive characters 10 ye...
 This 1939 film from director John Ford and wri...
 This is a silly spoof of private eye thrillers...
 The show start out with the boat. Desmond was ...
 It is great to see a new batch of puppets crea...
 A very insightful psychological thriller! Foot...
 To be frank, this is probably the best version...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** Are all teen sla...
 OK, as everyone has pointed out, this film is ...
 I saw this movie when I was little - It was ca...
 I love this Disney Movie! Its a real cute movi...
 Thomas Mann's controversial novel is the basis...
 It's hard to imagine a director capable of suc...
 This game is fun and it has a plot that you co...
 I saw this at an arty cinema that was also sho...
 For all the Homicide junkies out there, this m...
 ...but this has to be the worst A Christmas Ca...
 Yes, The Southern Star features a pretty forge...
 Adam Jones has a brilliant sense of humor. The...
 The detective story is not typical for the Mat...
 After spending five years in prison, Dr. Thoma...
 If only to avoid making this type of film in t...
 Ever read Jim Thompson? He's hard-boiled noir ...
 Maybe you have to be a former hippie to fully ...
 I saw the trailer and read some reviews, and I...
 I first saw this film two years ago in the cin...
 My Age: 13<br /><br />James Cole, played by St...
 Just too many holes in this movie to be enjoya...
 The first 4 episodes of season 6 are just to t...
 This is one of those films with a great potent...
 I'm not kidding about that summary and vote! T...
 "Radio Flyer" is one of my most loved American...
 The dominating conflict is between a couple of...
 This movie describes the life of somebody who ...
 The third part of Miike's Dead or Alive trilog...
 I was watching this when my wife called to inq...
 Leslie Carbaga's excellent book on the Fleishe...
 OK, well, no one in their right mind(s) would ...
 My wife and I are semi amused by Howie Mandel'...
 If this movie were more about Piper Perabo's c...
 I'll say this first...the film would've been a...
 When you see Barry Corbin in the cast of a mov...
 I have walked out of very few movies before th...
 I have seen a lot of bad movies with big actor...
 I thought that this movie might be a good spoo...
 This film provides us with an interesting remi...
 (May contain spoilers) This movie is the epito...
 This movie was so awful i don't even know wher...
 I had to watch this film because the plot was ...
 This is the worst movie ever made. The acting,...
 My family and I have viewed this movie often o...
 An MGM MINIATURE Short Subject.<br /><br />The...
 Adapting his own novel "Cabal" for the screen,...
 BABY FACE is one of the better of the "forgott...
 Love the TPB's but this was a lame episode. Di...
 Being a middle aged mom myself, I very much ap...
 Can it ever be said that there are some movies...
 Regardless of what personal opinion one may ha...
 Today if someone mentions the name Victor McLa...
 What more could I say? The Americans totally h...
 The movie is apparently based on a popular Fre...
 Four unhappy women leave dreary London to spen...
 This ranks as my favorite movie of all time. I...
 Wes Craven, you are having a laugh... at our e...
 I did not watch the entire movie. I could not ...
 This is the kind of movie that BEGS to be show...
 ...this would have been what you got.<br /><br...
 I've joined IMDb so people know what a great f...
 I am definitely not a gamer, but a couple peop...
 This takes place in 1920s Harlem. A black owne...
 I first came across this film when I read a bo...
 If one overlooks the technical problems of thi...
 I had no idea what the film is about before I ...
 This was a bold movie to hit Indian cinemas wh...
 Rohinton Mistry's multi-layered novel seemed i...
 Red Skelton (in his first starring role) plays...
 You know all those letters to "Father Christma...
 Inspector Gadget was probably my all-time favo...
 The film's tagline is "You think you know who ...
 Somehow, I missed many of the early Farscape e...
 This is the movie that, pretty much, sounded t...
 Honestly, buying this movie was a waste of mon...
 Perhaps the last film you would expect to come...
 To call a movie like "Thinner" bad is like cal...
 This son of a son of a sequel was terrible to ...
 I remember a certain Tuesday, the morning of 1...
 I watched this because a friend told me it was...
 i liked this film a lot. it's dark, it's not a...
 Not just because of that theme in the movie. W...
 Please let me know of any versions of Precious...
 I remember stumbling upon this special while c...
 RKO studios decided to borrow both William Pow...
 I remember seeing this one when I was seven or...
 I think that Elisabeth Rohm, though she may tr...
 First off, I had my doubts just looking at the...
 I saw the movie while I was in a class a few y...
 This is simply one of the finest renditions of...
 This movie will always be a Broadway and Movie...
 I was watching this movie on Friday,Apr 7th. I...
 Lovingly crafted and terribly interesting to w...
 By 1950, John Ford had already fully-developed...
 I'm generally not a fan of high school comedie...
 Awful in a bad/good way...this movie has offic...
 As someone who has read all of Baroness Orczy'...
 If you enjoy the original SNL cast and shows t...
 I realize why people hate this film. And, I ha...
 Julien Hernandez is certainly an attractive an...
 Anyone who enjoyed this series when first broa...
 Question: how does a bourgeois director treat ...
 Before Barton jumps all over my remarks, let's...
 Barbara Payton is the suppose-to-be sultry sex...
 So we compromised. This was a fairly charming ...
 This was one of the best movies you could find...
 She has been catapulted from 13 to 30, with ma...
 As a psychiatrist specialized in trauma, I fin...
 Along with Darkwing Duck this is unfairly canc...
 I am really sad that that this film has got so...
 This movie was so very badly written. The char...
 this movie is another on the list that i did n...
 Relying on the positive reviews above, we saw ...
 I tried to like this slasher, like I try to en...
 So many consider The Black Cat as the best Kar...
 This episode was boring and was not even in th...
 I don't remember "Barnaby Jones" being no more...
 To call this anything at all would be an insul...
 This is one of those movies that made me feel ...
 Continuing in the string of "stalker/slasher" ...
 This show has a great storyline! It's very bel...
 Now I understand that this took two months to ...
 I've been a fan since his first album. This fi...
 'De Grot' is a terrific Dutch thriller, based ...
 Honestly, one of the worst written, directed a...
 I don't normally write reviews, but for this f...
 Forget Samara/Sadako and Jason...<br /><br />H...
 In the spirit of the classic "The Sting", this...
 SHOWTIME is a mess, but it's an entertaining m...
 This was such a great film. It was done with s...
 Riccardo Freda may have a good reputation; but...
 A question for all you girls out there : If a ...
 2001 is one of those movies where, if you don'...
 It is very hard to rate this film. As entertai...
 For those who have enjoyed the Asterix books a...
 I can remember this movie from when i was a sm...
 This is the movie that is somewhat based on th...
 Previous commentator Steve Richmond stated tha...
 I have never missed an episode. David Morse is...
 I hope Robert Redford continues to make more f...
 Holes (2003, Dir Andrew Davis) <br /><br />Whe...
 I'm a Jean Harlow fan, because she had star qu...
 'Flood' is a prime example of how throwing goo...
 Andy Lau stars in another cop undercover tale....
 This movie was very funny, I couldn't stop smi...
 This is a great Valentine's Day gift. A gorgeo...
 La Chute de la Maison Usher, or The Fall of th...
 I have seen the movie at the Viennale a few ye...
 Over the years, we've seen a lot of prepostero...
 Suraj Barjatya is best in movies on marriage. ...
 This is a weird movie about an archaeologist s...
 Before all, I'd like to point out that I have ...
 I know that movies aren't necessarily supposed...
 I first saw this video 15 years ago. I thought...
 i should qualify that title, now that i think ...
 I saw this movie twice. I can't believe Pintil...
 Jacqueline Hyde is a good quality film and doe...
 <br /><br />In the process of boring you with ...
 I don't get it. I just don't get it. "Barney a...
 This is the greatest movie ever. If you have w...
 It is a well known fact that when Gene Roddenb...
 Once upon a time Quentin Tarantino was a relat...
 This one probably does not fit in the bottom o...
 I recently purchased the complete American Got...
 About the discussion on the South, the redneck...
 First off, this film has no story. It's obviou...
 A bunch of teen dirt bikers are out in the for...
 Shakespeare would have been outraged. The writ...
 Hunters chase what they think is a man through...
 One thing that came across to me in watching t...
 like i'm sure other people have said this guy ...
 Stephen Feinberg, who Played the Proctologist ...
 I do get irritated with modern adaptations of ...
 In short, this movie is completely worthless.<...
 This film is easily one of the worst ones I ha...
 As the Godfather saga was the view of the mafi...
 After World War II the ungoing crime in Phenix...
 Disney goes to the well one too many times as ...
 In my opinion, this is a good example of the m...
 The prior comments are way to generous. This m...
 After Garbo's introduction to sound in Clarenc...
 I saw a sneak preview of this Tuesday night wi...
 This could have been the best game ever!! But ...
 **Possible Spoiler*** Adam Sandler is usually ...
 The story of pre-unified China must be a popul...
 I rated this movie as AWFUL (1). After watchin...
 One of, if not the worst film to come out of B...
 This is a CGI animated film based upon a Frenc...
 OK this movie had a terrible premise. Be serio...
 This movie is one of my favorite comedies of a...
 I'm not really sure what to make of this movie...
 I remember watching this film in 1981, when I ...
 We thought this was one of the worst movies ev...
 I read the book and really enjoyed it from beg...
 I rented this film in DVD form without knowing...
 The material in this documentary is so powerfu...
 <br /><br />Well, great costumes and a wonderf...
 A definite no. A resounding NO. This movie is ...
 Low-budget but memorable would-be shocker that...
 A friend of mine recommended this movie, citin...
 The reviews for RENDITION generally haven't be...
 I never saw any of The League's work until ear...
 The only scary thing about this movie is the t...
 I have seen the movie Holes and say that it ha...
 When you have two tower house of performers pi...
 The show had great episodes, this is not one o...
 Has anyone ever read or heard comments by Scor...
 This may just be the worst movie of all time. ...
 I am very surprised by the positive comments b...
 My name is Domino Harvery. {EDIT *dizzying* CH...
 I imagine that the young people involved in th...
 Serge Farnel made a very precise critics of th...
 I have seen this movie about 4 times and every...
 I bought this video at Walmart's $1 bin. I thi...
 This is a film that the mainstream market will...
 A rare lengthy Kinski feature role as Crazy Jo...
 I finally got my wish to see this one in a cin...
 Starring: Ann-Margret, Frederic Forrest, Cathr...
 My friends and I have just finished seeing a p...
 This is a great story. Although there are some...
 Why, oh why, is this trash considered a classi...
 This is one of those wonderful martial-arts mo...
 When I first watched this film, I thought that...
 this by far one of the worst movies I have eve...
 A remarkable documentary about the landmark ac...
 People with an aversion to gore may find some ...
 I thought this movie was great! I saw this whe...
 This an extremely horrible movie. And if your ...
 This film was terrible. I have given it the hi...
 Manoj Agrawal after the failure of PARDESI BAB...
 Sherlock Holmes (Basil Rathbone) begins this s...
 Can anyone give me a reason why only one Ameri...
 I thought this movie was very well done. Takin...
 Jon Stewart (aka John Liebowitz) constantly ri...
 The movie "Frailty" is actually more of a psyc...
 First of all, I'd like to say that I love the ...
         What a script, what a story, what a mess!
 What a disappointment. The story line is so si...
 Staten Island filmmaker Andy Milligan is well ...
 I'll try to use words to describe this on.... ...
 Carlos wants to make fun of affirmative action...
 The premise of the film is that Thomas Archer'...
 Thomas Archer (Ron Eldard) has his child kille...
 I want to clarify a few things. I am not famil...
 You have to hand it to writer-director John Hu...
 well, i hated knocked up, i despised 40-year-o...
 This is one of the best martial art(Kung-fu) m...
 This seventh (yes you read right - the seventh...
 I don't know who financed it, or why, but this...
 This is an Oriental fantasy about ¨thousand an...
 This movie kicks ass, bar none. Bam and his cr...
 I caught this film late at night on HBO. Talk ...
 An extremely gentle retelling of the Shakespea...
 This is not a good movie but I still like it. ...
 I love the absurdity and biting humor of Buñue...
 This is probably the most boring, worse and us...
 It's the 1920s. And a man named Walt Disney wa...
 Aside from the horrendous acting and the ridic...
 There isn't more I can say that saying this fi...
 At the beginning of the film we watch May and ...
 Love Rosario Dawson, think she's one of the fi...
 What a bad movie, the premise was all there, t...
 For a made for TV movie I thought that it was ...
 So terrific, so good. I have never seen a man ...
 Inarguably one of the most interesting filmmak...
 Practically the only other actor who would be ...
 Okay, it was very good...but Best Picture? Ple...
 I suppose this movie is not your typical Spani...
 First of all, I have to say I have worked for ...
 Channel zapping one night I just caught the st...
 I've commented once on this Chucky great, but ...
 Throughly enjoy all the musical numbers each t...
 i went into this hoping it would be the "thoug...
 I just went to see this movie with a friend. I...
 I am not a fan of Sean Penn, but in contrast t...
 "The Gingerbread Man is the first thriller I'v...
 This is not a commentary on the actual movie, ...
 This really is an incredible film. Not only do...
 Though I'm not the biggest fan of wirework bas...
 I just rented this movie from the video store ...
 If you like adult comedy cartoons, like South ...
 Now I had the best intentions when watching th...
 I read the half dozen other user comments on t...
 I remember back when I was little when I was a...
 Even after nearly 20 years apart, the original...
 It was very heart-warming. As an expatriated f...
 I did not expect the performances of Gackt and...
 I had the pleasure of witnessing this brillian...
 Wow.this is a touching story! First i saw 'Res...
 I have to say that this TV movie was the work ...
 If the very thought of Arthur Askey twists you...
 I liked the movie, first of all because it tol...
 Hard to believe - but it is! I shouldn't be su...
 Whenever Ida Lupino appeared or directed a fil...
 I went into "Night of the Hunted" not knowing ...
 The problem with this- and with all Vietnam Wa...
 I must admit, there are few books with corresp...
 I don't know why, but for some sick reason, I ...
 I watched Pola X because Scott Walker composed...
 I'm a huge Zack Allan fan and was disappointed...
 Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron is an overall...
 I suppose you could say this film has a grain ...
 I have loved One True Thing since the first ti...
 Elderbush Gilch was a big disappointment for m...
 A classic cartoon, always enjoyable and funny....
 I was looking over our DVD tower last night fo...
 I have read all of the reviews for this direct...
 From the awful death scenes to guns that fire ...
 The truth is that a film based on a Harold Rob...
 Kathy Ireland: the body of a goddess, the face...
 "Pink Flamingos" is a cult classic.The plot of...
 I saw this because my cousin is an extra in on...
 I think that Pierre Léaud, or his character, t...
 I am not a big fan of the Spielberg/Cruise ver...
 How has this piece of crap stayed on TV this l...
 Valentine "Dogkiller" Dussaut and Joe "The Jud...
 I just saw this early this morning on the Fox ...
 This little-appreciated movie is one of my fav...
 ... when dubbed into another language. Let's f...
 I have been looking forward to the release of ...
 I rented this shortly after renting Ben Stein'...
 I am currently sitting here, forcing myself to...
 In contrast to my fellow reviewers, I always t...
 An ok movie about downs syndrome. A mother has...
 In Sweet Water, the ambitious entrepreneur Dic...
 John Travolta reprises his role as Chili Palme...
 This movie is simply one of the best movies I ...
 I enjoyed Longstreet, which followed in the st...
 Okay, this movie starts out and it *looks* lik...
 Una giornata particolare is a film which has m...
 After watching about half of this I was ready ...
 This is why I still have nightmares.<br /><br ...
 Three writers made a valiant attempt to adapt ...
 Steve Smith has finally run a fairly weak seri...
 As is nearly always the case, when Britain com...
 My ex wife and I saw and were intrigued by the...
 I was not expecting much going in to this, but...
 The movie seemed to appeal me because of the n...
 Watching this several times as a child was qui...
 No real plot, no character development, no Sco...
 (very serious spoilers)<br /><br />this movie ...
 When I saw this movie at age 6, it was in the ...
 Really for a short film that looks high budget...
 I can't understand why IMDb users would rate t...
 This film reminds me of how college students u...
 Scientist working frantically in seclusion fin...
 Generally speaking, the plot was much better t...
 Probable reasons why so many people on this si...
 I had no expectations (never saw previews for ...
 I gave it a 10, since everyone else seemed to ...
 I'm amazed how many comments on this show are ...
 I don't understand why critics would bash this...
 Do NOT judge this production by the 2-hour ver...
 The duo of Abbott and Costello lives on in thi...
 By far this is the worst Halloween movie ever ...
 Carmen is a prostitute that lives seducing and...
 I would give this television series a 10 plus ...
 Just like Final Fantasy brought CG to a whole ...
 This is such an exciting documentary, it was b...
 House of Dracula was made towards the end of U...
 Holes is a wonderful film to see. It has good ...
 I watched this on the tube last night. The act...
 Taking old collection of stories poses a chall...
 This was Barbra Streisand's first television s...
 Korean "romance" about the owner of a camera s...
 This was the worst movie my wife and I have ev...
 Artemesia takes the usual story about the art ...
 For those who like their films full of explodi...
 Another stupid "movie". The quality of image i...
 Tromeo and Juliet is perhaps the best Shakespe...
 A lonely depressed French boy Mathieu (Jeremie...
 This is one of the worse cases of film drivel ...
 As with FOOTPRINTS (1975), I became aware of t...
 Allow me to just get to the bottom line here: ...
 I just checked out Northanger Abbey from the l...
 Actor turned director Bill Paxton follows up h...
 This film failed to explore the humanity of th...
 I've never been compelled to write a review ab...
 This film aka "the four hundred blows" is a mi...
 A recent survey of children in the UK re-enfor...
 I'd have little to add to bowlofsoul23's bull'...
 `In the tradition of 'Carrie' and 'Heathers'? ...
 This is a classic action flick from the '80s f...
 Take young, pretty people, put them in an exot...
 This film is horrible. Bad acting, bad writing...
 John Waters has given us a genuinely enjoyable...
 The actresses bra in a changing room--well I g...
 Kitten Natividad, of Russ Meyer film fame, pla...
 Billed as the story of Steve Biko -- played ex...
 Loving the Andersen fairy tails as a child and...
 I'm a fan of arty movies, but regretfully I ha...
 The planning episodes were a bit dull, but whe...
 When they announced this movie for TNT I was e...
 being a fan of Bela Lugosi,Boris Karloff,and L...
 I love Ben Kingsley and Tea Leoni. However, th...
 I didn't really think this movie was bad. Sure...
 I originally saw this very dark comedy around ...
 There were nice characters in here, played by ...
 An updated version of a theme which has been d...
 A very enjoyable french film. This film has ma...
 North and South is a miniseries from the "gold...
 A Time To Kill is based on John Grisham's firs...
 THE GOLDEN DOOR (NUOVOMONDO) is for this viewe...
 I really can't believe this movie is not in th...
 (Some spoilers included:)<br /><br />Although,...
 Very bad. Very, very bad. As a fellow who aspi...
 I thought the film was good in parts.the start...
 We first watched this film as part of a festiv...
 This is the last time I rent a video without c...
 This movie is a must see for any war movie buf...
 Although Bullet In The Brain is, without quest...
 i am rarely moved to make these kind of commen...
 This was a letdown in many ways. The location ...
 I agree that the movie is a little slow at spo...
 Gene Kelly, Frank Sinatra, Kathryn Grayson, an...
 This film is bad. Not so bad it is good. Just ...
 For starters, I would like to say that I'm a f...
 A number of brides are mysteriously murdered w...
 When I saw this movie i expected it to be a ch...
 Vince Lombardi High School has a new principal...
 What is it about drug addiction that so draws ...
 One of the worst films I have ever seen. Got s...
 This young filmmaker has a talent for capturin...
 It's a shame that such a lame plot should be h...
 This movie was extremely disappointing, I thou...
 "French Cancan" is one of my favorite all time...
 Making a film based on a true story, particula...
 This is an excellent tub-thumper from the war ...
 The usual cat and mouse antics abound until Je...
 Jim McKay has made one of the best films you w...
 Gerald McRaney,(Dave Morgan),"War Crimes",'01 ...
 What the hell is this!? That was my first reac...
 This is, arguably, the worst of the major Ava ...
 I've read most of the comments on this movie. ...
 HLOTS was an outstanding series, its what NYPD...
 It's times like these I truly wish I was a mor...
 wow i payed £3.50 to go see this movie at the ...
 And here's yet another piece of evidence to cl...
 I'm overwhelmed by the work of Jim Carrey. I k...
 This review may contain some SPOILERS.<br /><b...
 There are not many movies around that have giv...
 The director and two stars of LAURA (1944) wer...
 Seriously, folks...I was getting ready to actu...
 Everyone we meet influences our thinking, modi...
 Look,I'm reading and reading this comments and...
 This is an awful film. Yea the girls are prett...
 Here's another pleasant surprise. Whenever I h...
 Not much to say other than plenty of Wire-fu a...
 I'm usually a fan of "art" and "foreign" films...
 Okay, first of all, I missed like the first 15...
 You know you've got a bad film when you hear t...
 "Why?"<br /><br />That simple question had to ...
 Let's face it, romantic comedies are considere...
 I wonder if I could take sitting through a who...
 It, at all, you have seen when harry met sally...
 Holy Schnikey! This Movie rocks! The duo of Ch...
 This is an extraordinary film. As a courtroom ...
 "Beyond Rangoon" is simply marvelous. From the...
 In 1988, Paperhouse was hailed as a "thinking ...
 While it was nice to see a film about older pe...
 Oh man, it is amazing how somebody can claim g...
 Considering how much money was budgeted for th...
 There is so much wrong with this movie. Greico...
 Every child experiences trauma growing up and ...
 This is, quite literally, the worst movie I ha...
 I really enjoy this genre but The Cell was one...
 I could not believe the low 5.6 rating on IMDb...
 I would not consider myself as one of Leonard ...
 I'm sure that the folks who made this movie th...
 Well this was the WWF's last pay per view even...
 There's perhaps a special reason why The Fox a...
 I decided to watch this serial after seeing th...
 The Deadly Wake is THE PERFECT MOVIE for film ...
 it's a very nice movie and i would definitely ...
 In Mexico City, the former CIA assassin and pr...
 This movie was childish in its writing and lau...
 I know that this is an unpopular position conc...
 Stunning. Absolutely stunning. This is a movie...
 ...Or is this another way below the bottom-of-...
 Haggard: The Movie is the real life story of R...
 Slow and riddled with inaccuracy. Over-looking...
 Being raised at the time this movie was releas...
 I can't decide whether this is one of my favou...
 This movie needs to be put on DVD. It was so f...
 Farrah Fawcett is superb in this powerful 1986...
 On paper this movie has some chops: a street k...
 It's hard to say sometimes why exactly a film ...
 To start with, I have to point out the fact th...
 *SPOILER ALERT: I wish I could discuss this wi...
 I happened to leave HBO on last night followin...
 When I went to see this documentary on Communi...
 I absolutely fell in love with this girls. let...
 This is without a doubt the worst movie I have...
 Definitely the worst movie I have ever seen......
 It's hard to decide what to say about this one...
 I will never forget the night I saw this movie...
 A terminally dull mystery-thriller, which may ...
 When an attempt is made to assassinate the Emi...
 Those engaging the movie camera so early in th...
 I've seen this movie twice already and am very...
 This has got to be one of the better post-Asta...
 I loved this movie. My daughter is 3 1/2 and a...
 God, I was bored out of my head as I watched t...
 it's a weekend i've been watched this funny fi...
 Level One, Horror.<br /><br />When I saw this ...
 I understood before watching this film that it...
 Guess a few upscale film directors were sittin...
 Ummm, please forgive me, but weren't more than...
 I'm one of those people who usually watch prog...
 I appreciate a think positive feel good about ...
 This must be one of the worst movies I have ev...
 I saw this film over Christmas, and what a gre...
 The Shining, you know what's weird about this ...
 I am really amazed how little fame this film h...
 If I hadn't read his name on the DVD cover, I ...
 As a late-going patron of the drive-in thearer...
 mondovino is a moving and rewarding documentar...
 This is a great movie from the lost age of rea...
 I love Meatballs! Terrific characters and poig...
 I liked this show from the first episode I saw...
 The 3rd in the series finds Paul Kersey (Brons...
 (No spoilers, just plot details) I can't under...
 This film and it's sequel Barry Mckenzie holds...
 The third entry in the "Stepford" franchise, b...
 Zombie Bloodbath is a movie made by zombie fan...
 SPOILERS AHEAD<br /><br />This is one of the w...
 Wow, its been quite a while since I've watched...
 As a dedicated lover of all things Egyptian th...
 I managed to tape this off my satellite, but I...
 I watch Cold Case because of the real life exp...
 This film was released in the UK under the nam...
 the movie is great, like every other internati...
 Believe it or not, "The Woodchipper Massacre" ...
 This is the best French movie of the year ! I ...
 Currently on METOO's new schedule at 4 pm on w...
 This film reminds me very much of the later Ro...
 The plot it's not so original. If someone saw ...
 The first time I saw this film it was with thi...
 This is without a doubt the funniest of the Cu...
 Lots of scenes and dialogue are flat-out goofy...
 I saw this film a couple of weeks ago, and it'...
 This whole movie is just so terrible it is a c...
 There are certain scenes in this film (like th...
 I've been trying to track down this film just ...
 This is definitely one of the greatest Disney ...
 <br /><br />Paul Verhoeven finally bombed out ...
 First off, this movie is not near complete, my...
 Pitch Black is a surprisingly good movie. I wa...
 Why do people need to follow the opinion of th...
 What an awesome movie! It was very scary, grea...
 First there are some plot holes in this movie....
 This whole film should have lasted 45 minutes ...
 Larry Bishop, the Writer/Actor/Director, focus...
 Inferno gives Los Angeles what it deserves-- a...
 Moonwalker is a Fantasy Music film staring Mic...
 The main character of this sex-filled drivel, ...
 For a long time i haven't seen so beautiful an...
 This is one of the best films I've seen from t...
 I saw this back in 99 and I remember loving it...
 Bedrooms and Hallways gives its audience a loo...
 I first saw the movie a couple of years ago an...
 If you liked watching Mel Gibson in Million Do...
 Anyone who finds this film boring is a hopeles...
 This movie is not realistic at all, more of a ...
 I love the munna bhai MBBS but "Lagge raho..."...
 is it just me or have all "horror" movies beco...
 I first saw this movie at least thirty years a...
 There is a bunch of movies that we say must be...
 I always follow the Dakar, so when my husband ...
 This is horrible even for a TV movie. I can't ...
 This movie is witty, watchable and utterly tou...
 (There isn't much in the way of spoilers, sinc...
 After wasting 2 hours of my life watching this...
 Thanks to a dull, dimensionless screenplay by ...
 This is one of the best "Bloke" movies from th...
 While watching this film recently, I constantl...
 I've been waiting almost 25 years to see this ...
 That was great fun! I never read those Chester...
 Though this film destroyed Director and Screen...
 The Soap is an interesting movie and very bril...
 This tale of the upper-classes getting their c...
 and not in a fun-to-watch way. it's just bad. ...
 Watching Before The Devil counts as one of my ...
 "Igor and the Lunatics" is a totally inept and...
 Every boy eventually learns the lesson that ju...
 This one came out during the Western genre’s l...
 Since others have complained about putting She...
 I've read the book 'Scarlett' and was expectin...
 This classic has so many great one-liners and ...
 Overall I found this movie quite amusing and f...
 This is a "docu-drama" of (mostly) the later y...
 i was lucky enough to see A Chorus Line when i...
 in this movie, joe pesci slams dunks a basketb...
 The warmest, most engaging movie of its genre,...
 For some strange reason the film world is driv...
 The mere fact that I still think of the movie ...
 A long time ago, I watched this movie from the...
 I first saw this movie at a festival. There we...
 I watched the Malayalam movie "Boeing Boeing" ...
 This was so lame that I turned the DVD off...m...
 Back in the mid/late 80s, an OAV anime by titl...
 As a lover of bad movies, I definitely hit pay...
 I saw this film in a sneak preview, and it is ...
 You talking' to Me? (1987) is a pretty bad mov...
 First thing I note is the music. It's nothing ...
 When one watches the animated Superman shorts ...
 I'm a rather pedestrian person, with somewhat ...
 "Heartland" is a wonderful depiction of what i...
 usually I support independent art and i try to...
 Ok, so, this is coming a few weeks late, but i...
 If anyone tells you this picture is just terri...
 too predictable for spoilers, but i'll not be ...
 Like a terrible cancer raining out of the sky,...
 This movie has many problem associated with it...
 Ridiculous. This movie is actually a vehicle f...
 Gotta start with Ed Furlong on this one. You g...
 Zombie Nation 2004 R<br /><br />Hey, I was bor...
 "The Bat People" is a really bad film that des...
 Why oh why did they have to try and make a seq...
 This film is terrible. The story concerns a wo...
 Forbidden Planet rates as landmark in science ...
 Friz Freleng's 'Snafuperman' is one of the les...
 Being a fan of time travel stories I was surpr...
 If your looking for a movie with fantastic mus...
 In all, it took me three attempts to get throu...
 I absolutely LOVED this movie as a child. I ca...
 I would have left the movie halfway through if...
 I'm not usually a fan of strictly romantic mov...
 This German documentary, in English, is about ...
 HOOT is about these three teenage kids who try...
 It's so fake! The plot seems like a generic ad...
 What could possibly go wrong with a movie that...
 You should not take what I am about to say lig...
 It is not the same as the other films about da...
 I can't recommend this film as a date movie. G...
 This is a really interesting movie. It is an a...
 Three giant sabretooth tigers(..created in a l...
 Wakayama Tomisaburo's portrayal of fugitive ex...
 The Outer Limits is a brilliant show that for ...
 Well the plot is entertaining but it is full o...
 I finally sat down and saw this film the whole...
 Wealthy businessman Bill Compton (played by De...
 Although John Woo's hard Boiled is my number 1...
 This was a very enjoyable film. A humorous, bu...
 I found this movie in the 'horror' section of ...
 Match 1: Tag Team Table Match Bubba Ray and Sp...
 Gerard is a writer with a somewhat overactive ...
 this movie was downright awful. most of the co...
 A group of models is seeking an apartment to l...
 What a waste! This movie could have really bee...
 I went into this movie thinking that it would ...
 Take:<br /><br />1. a famous play<br /><br />2...
 "Three" is a seriously dumb shipwreck movie. M...
 Grand Central Murder (1942) Dir: S. Sylvan Sim...
 I've spent years looking for a copy of this fi...
 This review may contain some spoilers.<br /><b...
 The first time I saw this episode was like a s...
 I love it! I love Pauly Shore. It seems some p...
 Understand i'm reviewing the film I have seen....
 I think together all the reviewers have captur...
 The only reason i am bothering to comment on t...
 As a writing teacher, there are two ending I n...
 During a sleepless night, I was switching thro...
 Three years ago, Rachel(Therese Fretwell) was ...
 Closet land is not at happy movie. Neither is ...
 I watched this film a long time ago (aprox 10 ...
 Rosario Dawson stars as a girl who is date rap...
 This is the worst imaginable crap. The novel b...
 The most attractive factor that lies in this m...
 One of the worst films ever. Not funny, poor T...
 This is a poem on film, wonderfully presented ...
 This is truly one of the worst films I have ev...
 What a movie! I have always liked the Asian st...
 I remember seeing this years ago, It had a rea...
 First off I want to say most of the people who...
 Having read the novel before seeing this film,...
 I saw this film at the 2005 Toronto Internatio...
 Didn't Mystic Pizza win the Oscar for that yea...
 Formulaic slasher film, only this one stars th...
 A good cast (with one major exception) pushes ...
 This was a decent movie for the first half. To...
 I saw Bandit Queen in 2005, over a decade afte...
 The first two-thirds of this biopic of fetish ...
 As a young boy, I always sort of hated "Cinder...
 This is the last of four swashbucklers from Fr...
 Still Crazy has been compared to the Spinal Ta...
 I was quite excited when I saw this film in co...
 After Loomis gives a quick recap of Micheal My...
 A great story, although one we are certainly f...
 I had read up on the film and thought it would...
 What you saw in BULLITT and THE FRENCH CONNECT...
 This the the final feature film that Michelang...
 Vulpine Massacre should have been this movies ...
 I saw it on video. Predictable, horrid acting,...
 Obvious tailored vehicle for Ryan Philippe. It...
 So I rented "Still Crazy" instead. When I desc...
 This movie has some of the worst acting I've e...
 "Problem Child 2" was a complete waste of my t...
 I read the above comment and cannot believe it...
 Anyone interested in pop music, and not famili...
 What a movie! I never imagined Richard Attenbo...
 This was Gene Kelly's breakthrough, and that a...
 While in her deathbed, Ann Lord (Vanessa Redgr...
 my friend bought the movie for 5 (its is not ...
 Okay, sure, this film will never win an oscar....
 A bickering, American family, vacationing in t...
 "Glen or Glenda" was Edward D. Wood Jr's first...
 Another horror flick in which a goof-ball teen...
 All right, I'll grant you that some of the sci...
 I saw this film opening weekend in Australia, ...
 Bela Lugosi is not typecast in this fantastic ...
 The fact that I watched this entire movie says...
 It's a shame. There's an interesting idea here...
 i just saw this film, i first saw it when i wa...
 Nagra comes from conservative Indian family th...
 There are some films that every Horror fan owe...
 This movie was slower then Molasses in January...
 The 1963 version of "The Haunting" has been on...
 I like Money! I stumbled on this brilliant fil...
 This film was so unfocused, rambling and uneve...
 Many neglect that this isn't just a classic du...
 What a fun movie! If you're a Giallo fan, Red ...
 Perspective is a good thing. Since the release...
 It amazes me that production companies will su...
 I would like to know the real name of the Lodg...
 Mockney comes to Brighton; despite a poor rece...
 Doll Master is an example of a lousy horror fi...
 When you first sit down to watch this movie, k...
 The film tackles the here and now horror of "r...
 Never realized that Charles Boyer, (Luis Denar...
 Terry Gilliam gives a stunning movie, which I ...
 This series adds new information and backgroun...
 Yes, it's "Flipper". But writer/director Alan ...
 Normally I wouldn't feel qualified to review s...
 Jane Austen's Emma is an extremely enjoyable s...
 I saw this film in my cinema class. I am glad ...
 This is a really fun movie. One of those you c...
 sure this movie may have had its funny moments...
 First things first, Edison Chen did a fantasti...
 I thought Harvey Keitel, a young, fresh from t...
 I SELL THE DEAD (2009) **1/2 Dominic Monaghan,...
 Michelle Rodriguez plays Diana, a high school ...
 Uggh! Hanna-Barbera of the 60s and 70s! What l...
 35 years after this was made, Castro still rei...
 George Carlin is probably my favorite comedian...
 KING KONG VS. GODZILLA (1963; which I recall h...
 Lucio Fulci, a director not exactly renowned f...
 The Stepford Children is the second best Stepf...
 This is Jonas Quastel debut as a director and ...
 The book is fantastic, this film is not. There...
 I tivo'd this on Turner Classic just because i...
 This was probably one of the most well-made fi...
 When my six-year-old fell asleep at the theate...
 I'm amazed that Memento (which is an excellent...
 Chen Kaige gives us magnificent depth of atmos...
 This was in short a terrible disappointment. B...
 I liked Batman: Dead End. A dark edgy film-noi...
 Allegedly the "true story" of Juana de Castill...
 OK. So it can be done! We have here the perfec...
 I was seriously looking forward to seeing this...
 I like a good novelty song. No, I take that ba...
 All of the trials and tribulations of making a...
 Extremely funny. More gags in each one of thes...
 If this film had been made in the 50's or 60's...
 Note to all mad scientists everywhere: if you'...
 To be brief, the story is paper thin and you c...
 I have never been a great fan of Oliver Stone,...
 Offering a killer combo of terrible writing, t...
 A surprising misfire from the usually reliable...
 Horror Gods Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi shou...
 This movie had the potential to be far more th...
 A great production, that should be revived/reb...
 After reading over all these reviews I'm very ...
 The Stone Boy is an almost forgotten drama fro...
 Seriously, I don´t really get why people here ...
 <br /><br />SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW<br /><br /...
 Pete's Meteor. I seen this referred to as "aut...
 This movie will promote the improvement of the...
 MAJOR LEAGUE: BACK TO THE MINORS (1998) ½* <br...
 I purchased this film on the cheap in a sale, ...
 While the romance in this film is an important...
 Pathetic is the word. Bad acting, pathetic scr...
 Considering 'A Star is Born' had been made twi...
 "What symbolism!" exclaimed a woman as we exit...
 I cannot stay indifferent to Lars van Trier's ...
 OK, forget all the technical inconsisties or t...
 Personally, this is one of my favorites of all...
 Just like Al Gore shook us up with his painful...
 This movie is possibly the cheapest, cheesiest...
 I saw this movie when I was a little girl. And...
 There are 3 of these movies, all similarly cra...
 Ever since I first played it in 1998, GoldenEy...
 I think that this movie was reasonbaly good. I...
 i recently went to a free screening of soap gi...
 I saw this film premiere Friday (1/19) night i...
 I've sat through less painful operations than ...
 ****SOME SPOILERS****<br /><br />There's nothi...
 I must admit I'm a little surprised and disapp...
 This movie was well done. It covers the diffic...
 As a fan of Paris Je'Taime, I went to see New ...
 I noticed "Fire" was on cable the other night ...
 Freddy Krueger the dream stalker from elm stre...
 The movie is about Anton Newcombe. The music a...
 This is a very well done film showing the life...
 An interesting pairing of stories, this little...
 Susan Swift is an appealing youngster, a flowe...
 Lifetime did it again. Can we say stupid? I co...
 Couldn't believe it! Clipped sentences? Good g...
 What this movie is not: Cool, Entertaining<br ...
 Greetings again from the darkness. How rare it...
 This is movie is very touching. I don't care w...
 A community pool in Connecticut is the setting...
 I was sorely disappointed in this movie. Twice...
 This movie is really bad. The acting is plain ...
 I received this movie in a pack called "50 all...
 On an overnight flight from Los Angeles to Mia...
 I came across this movie in an Australian hote...
 Mina Kumari exhibits more style and grace just...
 "The Mother" tells of a recently widowed mid-6...
 Three words: What a pile..... Two words: Don't...
 As we all know Hollywood enjoys changing histo...
 When you're used to Lana Turner in the Postman...
 I did not know for some time in my youth all t...
 You don't expect much from a PRC picture, and ...
 This is the first Tom Hanks movie I have gotte...
 Cant believe it.... after all these years fina...
 Indeed, Cynthia Watros is in this movie as Eli...
 The main aspect about the Superstar's movies a...
 Spoilers ahead if you want to call them that.....
 I've seen this about 2 or 3 times and haven't ...
 I have read modesty Blaise for several years n...
 Follows the same path as most sequels. First o...
 I am quite the Mitchell Leisen fan so it was a...
 I could see this film is super He didn't surpr...
 After hearing the word of mouth of just how ba...
 I enjoy the National Anthem. I enjoy the Natio...
 André Roussin was a specialist of what the Fre...
 First off, I refuse to even consider this piec...
 Two years after this short, the last "Our Gang...
 I am at a loss to find the words to express ho...
 I picked out this DVD out of the cheepo bin at...
 "The China Syndrome" launched a whole string o...
 Ok, so it's not a masterpiece like the Godfath...
 I began watching this movie with my girl-frien...
 -A very pretty red headed woman waiting for he...
 Worst.film.ever Nothing more needs to be said....
 "Pink Flamingos" was revolutionary for its tim...
 The Time Machine starts in New York during 189...
 I want to preface this review by saying that I...
 This is very dated, but that's part of the cha...
 "Five Characters in Search of an Exit" has to ...
 Yep.. this is definatly up there with some of ...
 Good Film.<br /><br />I managed to pick this u...
 I didn't hate this movie as much as some on my...
 I am still shuddering at the thought of EVER s...
 THE TENANTS began as a 1971 short novel by the...
 Great film, a very worthy 7/10.<br /><br />Tom...
 When I was in 7th grade(back in 1977), I was a...
 This is an incredible comeback from movie dire...
 It's "The F.B.I." starring Reed Hadley, with a...
 Difficult to call The Grudge a horror movie. A...
 Nothing to say but Wow! Has anyone actually ha...
 I have just started watching the TV series "Wh...
 The first time I saw this was when I was with ...
 This movie serves up every imaginable Greek st...
 ... and the series lets you forget all that. I...
 I thought that i wrote a comment on this movie...
 Interesting? Hardly. The 'scientific evidence'...
 *Minor spoilers* I just wanted to say that for...
 "Darkness" was entertaining to some degree, bu...
 Positively awful George Sanders vehicle where ...
 Biographical tale of the life of Charles Lindb...
 Basically, this is a very good film. It is ver...
 Frustrating to watch because of one man's stub...
 This movie sucks so bad. Its funny to see what...
 Had this film been put together a tad better, ...
 What a sad surprise.<br /><br />Being a die-ha...
 Number 1 was really great summer popcorn fun. ...
 Predictable, cliche, unbelievable, boring...wh...
 I was excited to hear that someone had made a ...
 Cliffhanger is a decent action crime adventure...
 About 4 years ago, I liked this movie. I would...
 I originally saw this movie as a Blockbuster V...
 At first I was convinced that this was a made-...
 I'm sure there is a documentary amongst the ru...
 First of all sorry for giving even a rating of...
 "The 700 Club" has to be the single most bigot...
 This neo-film noir is one of a genre of late t...
 At a time in our culture where reality exposed...
 All films made before 1912 really need to be v...
 Horses on Mars is a wonderful journey taken by...
 Another Son of Sam is definitely not an Oscar ...
 OK, so I'm not usually one that runs out and r...
 I am finding that I get less and less excited ...
 1st watched 6/18/2009  2 out of 10 (Dir- Pete...
 ...this is a classic with so many great dialog...
 I sat glued to the screen, riveted, yawning, y...
 Stan Laurel, it's been noted, first made a rea...
 Challen Cates does a wonderful job depicting a...
 I suppose I always felt that Hotel du Nord was...
 Fascinating yet unsettling look at Edith Bouvi...
 I absolutely could not believe the levels of i...
 Of all the breakdancing / hip-hop films releas...
 I saw this movie on videotape with my younger ...
 Bonfires of the Vanities is a film drenched in...
 This film by the well-known Czech director and...
 Seriously, if you want to see a cliché horror ...
 Although this was obviously a low-budget produ...
 I've seen tons of science fiction from the 70s...
 Having ran across this film on the Fox movie c...
 I saw this back in '94 when it was finally rel...
 "Hey, I didn't order no cab!" "Yeah, well you ...
 Call me adolescent but I really do think that ...
 This is by far one of the best biographical fi...
 OK we all love the daisy dukes, but what is up...
 There really isn't much to say about this movi...
 When HEY ARNOLD! first came on the air in 1996...
 I was given this film by my uncle who had got ...
 How can anyone even begin to like this film is...
 Victor Sjostrom, who is the grandfather of Swe...
 Once again Almenábar has provided us with a to...
 The original GRUDGE (the original American rem...
 The stuff dreams are made of. A complete retel...
 I had low expectations for this movie, but I w...
 I really can say I felt the movie in its right...
 Ming The Merciless does a little Bardwork and ...
 I caught a screening of this at the True/False...
 I think Dolph Lundgren had potential at being ...
 Writer/Director Michael Hurst's Sci-Fi Channel...
 This movie blows you off your feet. This debut...
 ...the first? Killjoy 1. But here's the review...
 Adapted from Sam Shepard's play, this movie re...
 One of the many speculations about Y2K was tha...
 Superbly crafted low-budget thriller with more...
 I have just sat through this film again and ca...
 i don't care if you'd like my comment or no bu...
 Like CURSE OF THE KOMODO was for the creature ...
 I seem to be disagreeing with a lot of folks h...
 "Father Hood" is an overlooked little gem of a...
 I recently bought this movie with a bunch of o...
 I can't disagree with a previous comment that ...
 I loved so much last Bellocchio's movie, the m...
 Somehow, this movie manages to be invigorating...
 First off, I really loved Henry Fool, which pu...
 The John Goodman program was pretty awful, but...
 An uptight voyeur who wants to commit suicide ...
 It's also the best book I've ever read. Karl U...
 The Last Dinosaur was one of those "out of now...
 Great story and great lead actors (Quaid and R...
 This film has a really weird mixture of genres...
 In the funeral of the famous British journalis...
 Before I had seen this film, I had heard some ...
 We still really love the movie and soundtrack ...
 I was going to use 'The German Scream' as a su...
 The film looks super on paper. A romantic come...
 Age of Steel follows up the previous episode, ...
 I was all ready to hate this but it turned out...
 I was a huge fan of Asterix comics when I was ...
 Pick a stereotype, any stereotype (whether rac...
 I hate to say I enjoyed this movie as the subj...
 Oh my. I decided to go out to the cinemas with...
 Looking at some of the negative posts, you rea...
 There is a version of "Nevsky" that is shown w...
 The connection with James Dean?In a short plan...
 I caught the last half of this movie on cable ...
 I'm guessing that the movie was based on a hef...
 This is part one of a short animation clip sho...
 When i first saw this show advertised to be on...
 I am a back Batman movie and TV fan. I loved t...
 While HOUSE OF WAX will never be mistaken for ...
 If you can believe it, *another* group of teen...
 It's a good movie maybe I like it because it w...
 I enjoyed the cinematographic recreation of Ch...
 This film wasn't good at all. I was able to ca...
 "Foxes" is a serious look at the consequences ...
 This show is non Stop hilarity. the first joke...
 The plot is plausible but banal, i.e., beautif...
 A vg Brit rom-com, one to watch if you can get...
 I enjoyed the story by itself, but the things ...
 I found myself at sixes and sevens while watch...
 This film had a lot of promise, and the plot w...
 The Captain and Tennille have released a very ...
 Here's a rare gem for those of you that haven'...
 I thought this was a really cute movie - inspi...
 This was a pathetic movie. The Alien was decen...
 The copy of this movie that I have seen is not...
 For his last film, John Huston directed his da...
 I used to work in a video store. I saw this ti...
 First of all, I am a huge fan of Madeleine L'E...
 The most satisfying element about "Dan in Real...
 I have never observed four hours pass quite so...
 It's just a bad film.Not as bad as R.I.C.C.O. ...
 This was the film that started that the cinema...
 It feels like swedish movies are trying to bec...
 Wimpy stuffed shirt Armand Louque (blandly pla...
 I originally reviewed this film on Amazon abou...
 Boy, this movie is bad. And not in a good, che...
 What's the best way to start a review of a mov...
 This is a movie that demonstrates that mood an...
 I couldn't believe that this movie dates from ...
 The Cavern: 2 out of 10: Blair Witch meets The...
 Steve Carell comes into his own in his first s...
 It's a bit easy. That's about it.<br /><br />T...
 This movie is SOOOO funny!!! The acting is WON...
 This is classic 80's humor. If you were a teen...
 I am 17, and I still like most of the Scooby D...
 Inappropriate. The PG rating that this movie g...
 I haven't seen many movies worse than this one...
 Updating of the Clare Booth Luce play and the ...
 They missed up the film when the tried to use ...
 Oz, is one of the most mind-blowing and addict...
 Miss DeCarlo's starring debut has everything t...
 For some reason, TV Guide gave this two and a ...
 I admired Rob Marshall for Chicago, but Memoir...
 A surprisingly good movie! It has quite a few ...
 Besides the comments on the technical merits o...
 Look, there's nothing spectacularly offensive ...
 In what would be his first screenplay, based o...
 The movie is steeped in religion, so it is imp...
 ...the last time I laughed this much. It's a t...
 This adaptation of M.R. James's short story 'A...
 <br /><br />An old man works as a janitor in a...
 I have to vote this 10 out of 10 in the rare c...
 Takashi Miike is one of my favorite directors ...
 Even before this film it is clear to see that ...
 What to say about this movie. Well it is about...
 I was looking forward to this based on the rev...
 James Dickey is a wonderfully descriptive auth...
 Sam Lion (Jean Paul Belmondo) discovers he nee...
 I usually like hongkong - martial arts - fanta...
 Lots of reviews on this page mention that this...
 Plot: Ed and Alice are engaged. They live toge...
 I first saw this movie on a local station on t...
 I remember seeing this 1978 comedy at one of t...
 I've watched this movie a number of times, and...
 I have no qualms with how the movie does NOT c...
 Channel surfing and caught this on LOGO. It wa...
 Thanks to some infamous home video distributor...
 Let's cut through everything in the first para...
 Quentin Crisp once stated that when things are...
 It's hard to believe that a movie this bad was...
 Many reviewers seem to prefer the original ver...
 THE SEVENTH SIGN has a great opening hook as t...
 The new celebrity deathmatch is terrible. They...
 This zippy and fun short from 1916 - the time ...
 Chucky is back but this time he is not scary (...
 The film listed here as having been made in 19...
 Jack-O (1995) was a really bad movie, we are t...
 The first and only time I saw the woman in bla...
 Terrific production and a good comedic perform...
 The figure of empress Elizabeth of Austria (18...
 Deliverance is John Boorman's 1972 horror/thri...
 Quite one of the worst films I have ever seen....
 What's inexplicable? Firstly, the hatred towar...
 I really loved seeing this movie. I think it's...
 After watching Awake,I led to a conclusion:dir...
 I recommend Idiocracy to everyone. Luke Wilson...
 Found a copy in a bargain bin sale of this old...
 This is a wonderful comedy short--one of Keato...
 I am partly a fan of Miyazaki's work. I say "p...
 So the WWE has done it. They have poured over ...
 Billy Chung Siu Hung's (the bloody swordplay f...
 *MILD SPOILERS*<br /><br />In this would-be sa...
 I saw this movie years about 8 years ago when ...
 Why such a generic title? Santa Claus??? So bl...
 Talk about a blast opening, "Trampa Infernal" ...
 I am surprised that so many comments about thi...
 I'm a massive fan of prison dramas which is re...
 Rowan Atkinson's creation Mr.Bean has stood th...
 While I loved this movie, the trailers that ci...
 I cannot say enough bad things about this trai...
 Well, I'm a few days late but what the hell......
 Brilliant over-acting by Lesley Ann Warren. Be...
 Dexter (Kurt Russell) returns from The Compute...
 Eddie Murphy really made me laugh my ass off o...
 Alfred Hitchcock has made many brilliant thril...
 I am completely baffled as to why this film is...
 In Thailand, the Americans Connor (Colin Eggle...
 These guys are anything but the Usual Suspects...
 I loved this movie 10 years ago when I was abo...
 I give it a 2 - I reserve a 1 rating for Guy R...
 Yes,the movie is not a piece of art but the fi...
 Indeed: drug use, warehouse shoot-'em-ups, 'Ma...
 My girlfriend and I are really into cheesy hor...
 SPOILER ALERT!!!! This was my son's review of ...
 I don't know...Maybe it's just because it's an...
 The first thing you see in this film is a stat...
 Well, I remember when the studio sacked Schrad...
 I was happy to find out that at least now this...
 A touching story told with tenderness: awkward...
 It was a saturday night and a movie called BAS...
 This movie was awful, plain and simple. It wil...
 The story line has been rehashed a number of t...
 This movie was awful and an insult to the view...
 Would it surprise you that my ears and eyes al...
 I didn't expect Val Kilmer to make a convincin...
 I found it charming! Nobody else but Kiarostam...
 This is one of the most god-awful movies ever....
 A true classic. Beautifully filmed and acted. ...
 This woman who works as an intern for a photog...
 SWING! is an important film because it's one o...
 This movie is not just bad, not just corny, it...
 POSSIBLE SPOILERS<br /><br />The Spy Who Shagg...
 I've seen all kinds of "Hamlet"s. <br /><br />...
 Cameron Diaz, James Marsden, Frank Langella: t...
 This movie is not as good as all think. the ac...
 A hugely enjoyable screen version of Rona Jaff...
 I'm a big fan of Troma but I can't figure out ...
 Many reviews I've read reveals that most peopl...
 When I heard there was to be an ABC [Australia...
 > This show is the single greatest thing to co...
 If you're a science fiction fan, and you've on...
 This movie was physically painful to sit throu...
 Some of the best movies that are categorized a...
 I first saw Martin's Day when I was just 10 ye...
 "Tipping The Velvet" is one of the modern day ...
 This film was original in an unoriginal way. A...
 Love Jones is one of the best movies I've expe...
 Well then, what is it?! I found Nicholson's ch...
 This was the most visually stunning, moving, a...
 The remake of H.B. Halicki's classic seventies...
 Emilio Miraglia's first Giallo feature, The Ni...
 Might contain possible spoilers (Not that anyt...
 After the unexpected accident that killed an i...
 This should be re-named "Everybody Loves Sebas...
 Some ugly weirdo who had three families, cheat...
 This is a pretty lousy picture.It offers nothi...
 This is one of the worst movies I saw! I dunno...
 This is one of my all time favourite movies, i...
 Is it a poorly acted, cliche-ridden pile of tr...
 All good movies "inspire" some direct to video...
 Secret Service agent Jay Killion (Charles Bron...
 I have to say when it comes to Book to Movie A...
 I only rented this stinker because of its rela...
 There are plenty of reviews that describe this...
 'Book II' isn't a film, it's a sermon. This na...
 Released in 1965, but clearly shot years earli...
 I gotta be straight-up - I haven't seen a film...
 Charles Bronson is back in his most famous rol...
 This movie could have been great(cause its got...
 I personally have a soft spot for horror films...
 The DVD was a joke, the audio for the first fe...
 Really enjoyed Manna From Heaven. If you liked...
 Connie Hoffman is very pretty and is attractiv...
 The story and the characters were some of the ...
 that's incredible! Fidani (who he was also a s...
 I just got through watching this DVD at home. ...
 Blademaster is definitely a memorable entry in...
 In Hong Kong, 1962, the editor Chow Mo-wan (To...
 Rebar is an astronaut who goes on the world's ...
 Terrible movie. Just terrible. The start of th...
 I should put out an alert all over saying that...
 This version of Bleak House is the best adapta...
 I watched this movie probably more than 20 tim...
 I think this movie is well done and realistic....
 Wow, Kiss the Bride wasn't that bad, but it wa...
 How many monster tree movies can you see in a ...
 First off I'd like to say that if I had to hon...
 This 1934 adaptation of Somerset Maugham's nov...
 I just love this movie and I have my TV progra...
 George P. Cosmatos' "Rambo: First Blood Part I...
 The first movie is pretty good. This one is pr...
 Pierce Brosnan will probably be the only thing...
 We loved School of Rock and Jack Black. We cou...
 I think this is the worst movie I have seen si...
 Simon Pegg stars as Sidney Young, a stereotypi...
 For anyone who has seen and fallen in love wit...
 I think that a lot of friends of people who ac...
 Orson Welles' "The Lady From Shanghai" does no...
 1956 was the 20th Congress of the Communist Pa...
 What a dreadful movie. The effects were poor, ...
 This was a disappointing film. The people seem...
 "San Francisco, Oh you marvelously desolated t...
 My comments on this movie have been deleted tw...
 Awesome Movie! Great combination of talents! I...
 If you are in search of a masochistic thrill, ...
 The chaser's war on everything is a weekly sho...
 This movie is so bad, they wouldn't buy it bac...
 According to IMDb Takashi Miike's Master of Ho...
 This is what James Cagney is all about, wisecr...
 The film disappointed me for many reasons: fir...
 During the early 1980's, Kurt Thomas was somet...
 A whole lot of the people that have seen this ...
 I kind of like JAG. It do have it´s charm but ...
 I just want to say that I was thrilled to find...
 Sheesh! What a dreadful movie. Dodgy camera wo...
 If you are among the IMDB audience that put Hi...
 Having read some good reviews about this film ...
 This is a classic British comedy-thriller I ha...
 Masterpiece. Carrot Top blows the screen away....
 ...if only Disney had stayed away from it. See...
 Her Deadly Rival (1995): Starring Harry Hamlin...
 I rented this movie today... worst movie EVER....
 I really wanted to like this movie a lot more ...
 "Moonstruck" is a lovely little film directed ...
 This was one of the lamest movies we watched i...
 I was born in '68 with not much parental guida...
 My commentary has nothing to do with the polit...
 The Claude Lelouch's movie is a pretty good mo...
 It is not as great a film as many people belie...
 This movie is based on a play, and is the seco...
 How much could the general Hollywood director ...
 The first time I had the window of opportunity...
 Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare starts as d...
 Solid comedy entertainment, with musical inter...
 This film attempts to cash in on the success o...
 I normally like Casper in his movies, a real c...
 Well, my Dad drove Lee Evans back and forth th...
 Uggh! I really wasn't that impressed by this f...
 The book is great. It's one of my favorite boo...
 I fell in love with this silent action drama. ...
 I watched the first few moments on TCM a few y...
 As you might not know Eça de Queiroz is one of...
 With various Bogdanoviches and Gazzaras scatte...
 When I was younger I really enjoyed watching b...
 Having the opportunity to watch some of the fi...
 I have never panned a film on-line, but I felt...
 While driving in a dangerous zigzag manner on ...
 This is a film.., not porn.<br /><br />This is...
 I agree with the previous comment in naming th...
 Bridgette Bardot, looking as sexy as ever, pla...
 This show comes up with interesting locations ...
 Although the acting was excellent, I spent the...
 Went to the premiere at the Tribeca Film Festi...
 Peter M. Cohen has a winner satire on the mati...
 What do you call a horror story without horror...
 A number of Richard Attenborough's films as di...
 I have to say, from the beginning, when i watc...
 Brilliant acting, excellent plot, wonderful sp...
 He's stocky, sweaty, slightly cross-eyed and r...
 -Facts (I): "Mar Adentro" relates the well-kno...
 The freedom of having your own Sea Going Power...
 This has to be the worst movie i've seen this ...
 Pushing Daisies truly is a landmark in Televis...
 EXCUSE ME!!! HellOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!! CUBA GO...
 This isn't among Jimmy Stewart's best films--I...
 The Priest, into profound love and suffering s...
 A doctor and a policeman in New Orleans have o...
 I was very disappointed by this movie. Ms Engl...
 ...but you can see it from here.<br /><br />I ...
 This was the worst movie I have ever seen and ...
 This only gets bashed because it stars David H...
 If you are looking for the feel-good hit of th...
 The bevy of box office big league stars is phe...
 THE RIDDLE was written and directed by Brendan...
 FULL OF SPOILERS.<br /><br />This is a pretty ...
 Hollywood is one of the best and the beautiful...
 The Unborn tells the tale of a married couple ...
 Having seen both "Fear of a Black Hat" and "Th...
 And I gave it a high 7.....<br /><br />Why? Be...
 i wish i could find some good things to say ab...
 I love this movie. It is one of those movies t...
 Fred Olen Ray is a lousy director, even as far...
 "The Dream Child" of 1989 is the fifth film in...
 The film begins in Latvia just after WWI. Bein...
 Whoever likened this one to RAIDERS OF THE LOS...
 So many of these types of movies out these day...
 Superb comic farce from Paul Mazursky, Richard...
 I can't believe the high marks people have giv...
 Director and auteur Jean-Pierre Rappenau was 8...
 I have a strong feeling that what you think of...
 I had to shut this off after about 15 execrabl...
 I'm starting to wonder if all these PG-13 horr...
 The early to mid 90s were a high point, in my ...
 The Beauty. The Terror. The Poetry. The Horror...
 The shame of it! There I was, comfortable in t...
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen, and ...
 This isn't a dreadful film, merely insipid. Th...
 This film has been receiving a lot of play lat...
 This was a strong Poirot/Suchet, television my...
 This show is my absolute favorite. This show i...
 Man On Fire tells a story of an ex-special for...
 I saw this film at the Edinburgh Film Festival...
 This movie is a perfect portrayal of The Nutcr...
 Hands down the worst movie I have ever seen. I...
 Noll's comfortable way of rolling out blunt co...
 Dave (Devon Sawa) and his friends Sam (Jason S...
 "The Lady in Question (1999)" starring Gene Wi...
 I always found Betsy Drake rather creepy, and ...
 I don't know who to blame, the timid writers o...
 I think this movie had really bad production v...
 Being a huge die-hard Monkey Island fan, I fug...
 Shinjuku Triad Society, albeit from perfect, i...
 Absolutely one of the best aviation movies of ...
 Luchino Visconti was and is one of the most in...
 If you are one of the people who finds "Accord...
 This may not be regarded as a review on any fi...
 Someone told me that Pink Flamingos was, in a ...
 A real sudsy soap opera here as Spencer Tracy ...
 As an American fan of The League of Gentlemen ...
 My qualifications for this review? I own all t...
 This is a classic war movie. One of the best, ...
 I've just purchased the restored version of a ...
 Cheezy? Yep. Poorly filmed? You betcha. Zero b...
 Brando plays the ace jet pilot, just back from...
 Back in the day, I was one of the RN's in the ...
 What I miss most of all in this film is that i...
 I will stat of with the plot Alice, having sur...
 An annoying group of ex-students from 'Monte A...
 I found the first 90 minutes of this film to b...
 When all we have anymore is pretty much realit...
 I saw this movie as part of a Billy Graham pro...
 Usually I do not like movies with/about aliens...
 See No Evil With Kane. The Movie Has a great s...
 Made in 1931, this foreign film should be seen...
 Not to be confused with Michael Ritchie's nast...
 Hee hee hee. This movie is so bad that it does...
 I am surprised than many viewers hold more res...
 The 60s (1999) D: Mark Piznarski. Josh Hamilto...
 This is an engrossing woman's drama that men c...
 This could have been interesting  a Japan-set...
 Awww, I love this! The Tale of the Cat and the...
 Not sure why it doesn't play in Peoria, appare...
 This "space snippet" was kind of dumb. I guess...
 This delectable fusion of New Age babble and l...
 Had I known to what I was submitting myself, I...
 This film was actually shot and made in 1987 b...
 Detective Russell Logan(Lou Diamond Phillips)h...
 I remember first watching Sabrina when it came...
 Well, i could nt get into the plot, but thats ...
 Was it foreshadowing when Tori complained that...
 Oh a vaguely once famous actress in a film whe...
 H.G. Wells is spinning. No doubt about it.<br ...
 Can I Do it 'till I Need Glasses? at the very ...
 USA The Movie is like this: You take a nap on ...
 This is the best television series for childre...
 This movie is goofy as hell! I think it was wr...
 Pet Sematary is a very good horror film and be...
 I watched this movie recently together with my...
 Purple Rain is a great film if you are a 40-so...
 Spoiler This is a great film about a conure. H...
 First off, I am a huge fan of Tolkien, and as ...
 I am a huge Stooges fan but the one and only r...
 Milos Forman's original HAIR was the perfect m...
 It's a gentle, easy-going 1950s comedy. Kim No...
 What can I say ? An action and allegorical tal...
 There is no way on earth you are going to care...
 This is just a long advertisement for the movi...
 Well, this was one of those films I caught on ...
 First of all, yes, animals have emotions. If y...
 Life's going not to badly for Harry Mitchell, ...
 The first time I saw this film I was a kid. I ...
 Having no knowledge of this film prior to seei...
 Actually I liked this movie very, very much. N...
 I am an avid movie watcher and I enjoy a wide ...
 You MUST be kidding!!!! Let's entertain the po...
 In one word... abysmal. I give it one star for...
 Well, the Hero and the Terror is slightly belo...
 George Cukor is and always will be one of my f...
 I always enjoy this movie when it shows up on ...
 Another in the long line of Conan wannabes tha...
 Leslie Charteris' series of novels of the adve...
 I used this film in a religion class I was tea...
 Okay so i found out about this movie and I wat...
 Movie "comedies" nowadays are generally 100 mi...
 Lloyd Bridges as Mike Nelson and his boat were...
 This Cecil B. DeMille epic of the old West con...
 Detective Burt Williams has been on the trail ...
 Big hair, big boobs, bad music and a giant saf...
 Reading the other two comments, I had to wonde...
 I was about 12 years old when I saw this class...
 What I've seen of Wolfgang Petersen's films ha...
 This has to be the best adaptation I have seen...
 I have never seen the first Killjoy film, and ...
 Brilliant adaptation of the novel that made fa...
 Zatoichi The Outlaw was the first film made by...
 This was not a very good movie, the acting pre...
 'Loulou' delights in the same way an expensive...
 Diane and I saw this fabulous film today in Fr...
 I didn't want to write this movie off on the r...
 My boss at the time and showed it to us at a H...
 May Contain Spoilers.<br /><br />An innocent t...
 Three zany couples, all SIX OF A KIND, become ...
 I loved this show growing up and I still watch...
 This is a hard movie to come by in the US, but...
 I usually really enjoy Steven Seagal movies. T...
 Dirty Harry goes to Atlanta is what Burt calle...
 John Huston made many remarkable and memorable...
 I admit I've only seen about three of Shakespe...
 It's not often that a TV series grabs me right...
 First off let me say that this has to be on th...
 ] Haven't seen this film? Haven't even heard o...
 A truly scary film. Happening across curmudgeo...
 exquisite!! in simple words... both Aparna Sen...
 So lame it isn't even funny. A zombie infectio...
 What gives Anthony Minghella the right to ruin...
 The film was made in 1942 and with World War 1...
 This one is one of those classic B movie follo...
 While not for everyone, Crackerjack is a delig...
 This trashy B movie attempts to masquerade as ...
 I love the book, "Jane Eyre" and have seen man...
 We know that firefighters and rescue workers a...
 I had the misfortune to watch this rubbish on ...
 imagine if you took the Christ myth, mixed it ...
 See Dick work.<br /><br />See Jane work.<br />...
 4 realz son my game iz mad tite yo I cant wait...
 Okay first of all, I didn't sit down to watch ...
 Even with it's low budget this movie could hav...
 But, lets face it... it got a few nostalgic si...
 "Chinese Ghost Story" is one of the most amazi...
 I am generally more willing to be open minded ...
 The whole shorthand for supposedly being more ...
 This is a small film , few characters ,theatri...
 This certainly is one of the best western movi...
 As other reviewers have noted, this is an unju...
 This movie is nothing like "Office Space" exce...
 Put the film down and back slowly away. The ac...
 a timeless classic, wonderfully acted with per...
 I saw this at my city's independent cinema - n...
 I couldn't have been more thrilled; Just eight...
 This is not a movie. This is a collection of r...
 This film easily rivals the emotional strength...
 Savaged when it came out, this film now looks ...
 When I found out there was a movie that had bo...
 loved the story of a guy that tries to get his...
 THE DEVIL'S PLAYTHING is my second attempt at ...
 I have never felt the need to add a review to ...
 This is probably the best documentary I have s...
 -love is hard to find in this fast food societ...
 Another silent love triangle film from Hitchco...
 I saw the second part of this beautiful period...
 There seems to have been some money behind thi...
 First of all, just let me say this... Ghost St...
 *** Spoilers*<br /><br />My dad had taped this...
 'Dead Letter Office' is a low-budget film abou...
 What a thrill ride! Twisted and thought provok...
 'Felony' is a B-movie. No doubt about it.<br /...
 Just like wine, "Johnny Dangerously" gets bett...
 You would have thought, given how much this ov...
 For a TV movie this was definately worth seein...
 I thought that this movies was a letdown I exp...
 Really, when it comes down to it, this movie i...
 I was really looking forward to watching this,...
 I'd heard this Japanese flick is edgy, creativ...
 It's been a long time since I last saw a movie...
 I bought this movie and after I watched it I d...
 I would watch this movie every time it was on ...
 Ashanti is a very 70s sort of film (1979, to b...
 After "Central City" loses its mob boss to mur...
 I just watched this film, and I have to say it...
 Junior and his dad start a new life in a new t...
 My brother is an avid DVD collector. He took o...
 Another gray, horrible bit of schlockiness fro...
 This Is one of my favourite westerns. What a c...
 I wandered into this movie after watching the ...
 River's Edge is more than just the story of a ...
 In all the episodes, I never saw any real acti...
 Caught this movie on DD while flipping channel...
 "Fame" had been one of my favorite movies for ...
 I want to warn you that there is a very bitter...
 Rather than move linearly from beginning to en...
 Canadians are too polite to boo but the audien...
 This series, produced at probably the most pro...
 Before writing this review, I went back and re...
 Screened at the San Francisco International Fi...
 Nana Patekar once again proves that he is the ...
 I tried twice to get through this film, succee...
 Just exactly HOW director John Madden come to ...
 Renee Zellweger is radiant, but the rest of th...
 I felt sorry enough that this film is not popu...
 Picked up the movie at the flea market for 4 b...
 With a Bo Derek movie, the audience get just w...
 Storyline: The film spanning 4-odd hours cover...
 I think this movie more than any other shows w...
 I remember this movie from the 50s when I was ...
 I'm not sure why this little film has been ban...
 Rounding out the 1929-30 all-talkie "Our Gang"...
 As a documentary, this is laughable in a campy...
 I generally find Loretta Young hard to take, t...
 TV version of "Twister" springs a few leaks bu...
 I agree with "johnlewis", who said that there ...
 I liked this show! I think it was nothing with...
 I suppose JEDI is now chronologically to be co...
 Director Warren Beatty's intention to turn Che...
 One of my favorite "bum" actors, C. Tom Howell...
 Beauty in Trouble (Kráska v nesnázích) is not ...
 Whoo-boy, that was definitely one of the worst...
 I had watched this film from Ralph Bakshi (Wiz...
 Definitely spoilers in this review! I **adore*...
 A gritty presentation of the decay of family v...
 Errol Flynn's roguish charm really shines thro...
 Much said without words.<br /><br />This is an...
 The movie opens with a scene that simply could...
 I am a big Beatles fan. My favorite Beatle is ...
 Anne Bancroft plays Estelle, a dying Jewish mo...
 Soulless milking of cash cow franchise. Generi...
 The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya is an anime ...
 I just don't know how this stupid, crap, junk,...
 The only remarkable fact is the participation ...
 I've been reading posts here concerning Wonder...
 My wife and I saw this in the theater when it ...
 The four signs on the road say "If You're Look...
 It's been over 30 years now but I still rememb...
 Before I begin, a "little" correction: IMDb st...
 Found an old VHS version of this film in my pa...
 Tom Hanks returns as Dan Brown's symbologist R...
 Overall, I enjoyed the movie Scarlett. I am a ...
 This movie was so bad that my i.q. went down a...
 When i went to the video rental shop to get a ...
 good movie, good music, good background and an...
 Ivan (Valeri Nikolayev) is a bitter, cynical j...
 I was forced to watch 'Changi' last year in ye...
 The TV productions at the 2000's start were be...
 I absolutely adore this movie! I had never hea...
 Seriously. If this had been the first Shack mo...
 Although the story is good and portrayals what...
 This is another North East Florida production,...
 This extraordinary pseudo-documentary, made in...
 When THE PUFFY CHAIR beckons, beware of its so...
 Worth the admission price for the Rock-off alo...
 Spike Milligan was one of the funniest men I'v...
 A comedy that spoofs the inspirational sports ...
 Watching "Baghban" is the movie equivalent of ...
 Excruciatingly slow-paced, over-scripted black...
 It's interesting to watch how late 1950's soci...
 I seriously love this film so much, I never ge...
 This looks decidedly like "the amateur" hour. ...
 I rented "The China Syndrome" recently mainly ...
 This is an all-around superb film. A moving ex...
 At the time of this writing (January 25, 2006)...
 This is an excellent show! I had a US history ...
 Marie: You are smooth. Dan: No, I'm not smooth...
 OK, ill be brief. This film wasn't just bad it...
 ...I normally hate puns, but this seems the on...
 This is more than just an adaptation of Bond: ...
 Spunky journalist Holly Hunter produces invest...
 This was indeed an amazing adaption. I missed ...
 Colombian terrorists hold hostage a military s...
 The revisionist history -- making the evil Mar...
 Well this movie is amazingly awful. I felt sor...
 Although THE FLOCK has some pretty good acting...
 "Cavemen" exceeded my expectations, and not in...
 This version of David Copperfield is dreadful ...
 first watched this film years ago with my daug...
 It is impossible to avoid comparing Zhang Yimo...
 "The Gay Desperado" is wonderful throughout. T...
 I really wanted to like this movie, but I just...
 I must have seen a different version than the ...
 Please make me forget. Please. Please. This is...
 If I assume that you know what this film is ab...
 This movie is finally out on DVD in Italy (com...
 Sorry my fellow Nevada City neighbors, but thi...
 This is only somewhat attractive for fans of "...
 SPOILER!!!! Mind Ripper hmmmm.... I had just w...
 OK, it was a good American Pie. Erick Stifler ...
 This movie begins with a man who appears to be...
 For those who like depressing films with sleaz...
 Lupin sets off for Morocco, looking for a lege...
 I love these awful 80's summer camp movies. Th...
 I must confess that I've been a huge fan of th...
 There is a lot to like here. The actors are fi...
 Liv Tayler in her sexiest movie! <br /><br />S...
 I gave this film an 10/10 with some reluctance...
 After watching Revolt Of The Zombies starring ...
 Yesterday I watched this tv production, and I ...
 'The Shining' has wit, visual flair and an ico...
 I first saw this film in 1980 in the midday mo...
 First saw this movie in about 1990, and absolu...
 "Meatball Machine" has got to be one of the mo...
 When this movie came out, I had seen Geena Dav...
 Misty Ayers had a smoking body, and that's all...
 From beginning to end, this is the most emotio...
 I'm not particularly fond of remakes, or to st...
 Was this supposed to be funny? This is one of ...
 This is one of those films that I could only s...
 I read Rice's novel with interest, and became ...
 This movie was horrible.<br /><br />They didn'...
 Hoo boy, this was a real trial to get through....
 After watching this film, I thought to myself,...
 this film is so unbelievably awful! everything...
 George Zucco was a fine actor, often playing g...
 This movie examines the now infamous Wannsee C...
 My two daughters (ages 11 and 13) and I were l...
 Continuing his comeback, John Travolta played ...
 Although the word megalmania is used a lot to ...
 Nightbreed blew my mind the first time I saw i...
 It's refreshing to see a movie that you think ...
 I think that the movie was really good. Subjec...
 BEFORE THE DEVIL KNOWS YOU'RE DEAD starts off ...
 A mediocre Sci-Fi Channel original picture. A ...
 Interesting topic. Pathetic delivery - script ...
 "The Quickie" tells of a decadent Russian mob ...
 Alone in The Dark is one of my favorite role-p...
 Admittedly, Parsifal is not an opera that can ...
 "Nothin'. There ain't nothing' in Room 237. Bu...
 This is by far the worst adaptation of Jane Ey...
 Why do I watch movies like this ? - other than...
 I liked nearly all the movies in the Dirty Har...
 It's clear that for this film they wanted to h...
 A ragtag collection of Western tourists in Afr...
 I had recently been watching Johnny Test in an...
 When this initially aired in 1984, my wife and...
 I am sitting here watching the film, Tango and...
 I tend to be inclined towards movies about peo...
 Pulling in 2.6 million viewers, one has to won...
 This was really a pleasure to see; the dialogu...
 I actually intended to see this movie in the t...
 OK. Who ever invented this film hates humanity...
 I don't know what it is exactly, but the film ...
 On October of 1945, the American German descen...
 If the themes of The Girl From Missouri sound ...
 My original review of this film was simply the...
 I generally love SRK as a villain (how can you...
 Not even Goebbels could have pulled off a prop...
 This was a shockingly bad movie and I literall...
 If you don't have anything better to do, then ...
 HANDS OF THE RIPPER <br /><br />Aspect ratio: ...
 It has past almost 25 years since I saw this m...
 I have seen this movie three times. Going back...
 Jewel Thief is a rare breed of film - complete...
 This completely forgotten slasher flick is one...
 I read somewhere that when Kay Francis refused...
 A very interesting addition to the Scandavian ...
 Perhaps not Miyazaki's best work, but I couldn...
 A very cute movie with a great background prov...
 I knew my summary would get you. How is this m...
 This is by far THE WORST movie i have ever wat...
 This movie had such a good premise to start wi...
 Obvious attack on Microsoft made by people who...
 Bad. Bad. Bad. Those three lines sum up this c...
 I really really liked this one. I know, it's r...
 Having the In-Laws over for the weekend? Then ...
 This was a delightful presentation. Hemo (bloo...
 *Warning - no plot spoilers ahead, but movie s...
 Mark Blankfield (from the old late night TV sh...
 Yeah, there's a "sleeper" watching Sleeper Cel...
 I can honestly say I never expected this movie...
 Larisa Shepitko's THE ASCENT (1976) is an extr...
 If you watch this movie you'll be quoting it a...
 This is one odd film. It seems to be aimed at ...
 "Uzumaki" takes place in a small Japanese rura...
 "Icky Flix" is an excellent starting point for...
 With its rerelease by ADV Films, I've had a ch...
 I am definitely in the minority opinion on thi...
 This movie maybe really bad, but it is alot of...
 As a modern Marco Polo, from Venice to China, ...
 When I went to the video rental store, back in...
 "Slaughter High" is a totally ridiculous slash...
 I didn't see such a movie where the creators p...
 one of the worst excuses for an irish accents ...
 Not exactly my genre, this straight-to-DVD str...
 It is inconceivable to me how ANYONE could hav...
 How can they from Joe Don Baker (as Bufford Pu...
 This may actually be the worst movie that I ha...
 If you hit your head with a shovel, write the ...
 I've read through a lot of the comments here a...
 I saw a screening of this movie last night. I ...
 This is a film that has garnered any interest ...
 The movie had so much potential, but due to 70...
 This is not especially well written. The songs...
 The kids I took to this movie loved it (four c...
 Hollywood has turned the Mafia in to a product...
 Ah, the spirit of '68. The streets of Paris we...
 Stay away from this movie! It is terrible in e...
 Before seeing the sneak preview today of Angel...
 Relish every moment of this languorous spectac...
 The story idea behind THE LOST MISSILE isn't b...
 I totally disagree with the comments of one of...
 Jamie Foxx is fun but this movie has been done...
 I rented the video of "The Piano Teacher" know...
 You can take the crook out of the joint, but i...
 Amazing movie that, in theory, should be borin...
 These writers are trying to re-create the char...
 I watched this in July and even with the Chris...
 When I first saw this on tape, about 10 years ...
 It holds very true to the original manga of th...
 I see a lot of folks on this site wishing AG w...
 "Night of the Hunted" stars French porn star B...
 How this film gains a 6.7 rating is beyond bel...
 This film was slated to be a blockbuster film,...
 Extremely slow movie.There are fine performanc...
 This movie is basically a documentary of the c...
 This movie is not a comedy. It is not even fun...
 Horrible waste of talent. Not even worth watch...
 "Hundstage" is seidl's first fiction film (bef...
 Okay, you have:<br /><br />Penelope Keith as M...
 The only other review of this movie as of this...
 Its the best movie I have seen in 2000, it has...
 I see where a few people involved in this deba...
 This is a great TV miniseries of a classic nov...
 This is by far one of the best films that Indi...
 I did not know what to expect when I decided t...
 This well-meant film falls just a bit short, a...
 Alright, so I've been dying to see this movie....
 When you think of golf movies, you think of Ca...
 This is one of my favorite films of all time. ...
 It says that a girl named Susan Montford both ...
 I dug out from my garage some old musicals and...
 The storyline of this movie is cliché and obvi...
 Documentaries in which sons and daughters seek...
 This movie includes 2 well known actors I have...
 this seemed an odd combination of Withnail and...
 Spoiler for anyone who is lucky enough to ever...
 Kramer vs. Kramer is the story of a marital br...
 One of Scorsese's worst. An average thriller; ...
 Shtrafbat - Penal Battalion is a moving, and m...
 This is a superbly imaginative low budget Sci-...
 "Home Room" came as a total surprise. Not havi...
 This film is truly pathetic in every conceivab...
 "A Christmas Story" is one of many people's al...
 TEP is like a long cool drink of water after c...
 I find this film meretricious, tentative, leth...
 I just have watched Icon on DVD and despite be...
 We chose to see this movie as an alternative t...
 I try to be very objective when I view a low b...
 I am extremely picky about the films I see. I'...
 This one features an interesting way of handli...
 Carla works for a property developer's where s...
 Being a long-time Steve Martin fan, it hurt to...
 "The Patriot" staring Steven Segal is a late 9...
 Hotel Du Nord is a gripping drama of guilt in ...
 I have no idea how anyone managed to stay awak...
 Nay Sayers of this film are likely bitter from...
 My brother was working at a movie theater when...
 If you go to this movie expecting something it...
 I have never seen so much talent and money use...
 When I first saw this film on cable, it instan...
 I think this movie got a low rating because it...
 Was the cast and crew on drugs before they sta...
 WINCHESTER 73 is the story of a man (Jimmy Ste...
 My parents may enjoy this show, but I fail to ...
 I just saw this stinky old boiler on TV. Best ...
 Starting where the last AVP left off, an Alien...
 As others that have commented around the web.....
 This was on TV last night. I painfully forced ...
 I have never really been interested in canniba...
 Of course I am going to think it was a great m...
 Didn't have much aspiration for this film, but...
 Before Last Call w/ Carson Daly, my local NBC ...
 WWE was in need of a saviour as Wrestlemania 1...
 Well, this might be one of the funniest movies...
 I have to admit right off the top, I'm not a b...
 it's amazing that so many people that i know h...
 I wasn't aware of Steve McQueen in 1958. I onl...
 I'm sorry, but they did leave the impression t...
 I have enjoyed both of the Van Dykes over the ...
 This concert is the type of concert that only ...
 I liked it! The plot was weird, Drew Barrymore...
 There's a unique place in the pantheon of John...
 I've been trying to write a plot summary for s...
 I watched SHORE LEAVE the other day. I've seen...
 Abderrahmane Sissako may have known what he wa...
 I tried watching this movie, but I didn't make...
 "Hoppity Goes to Town" was the second and last...
 midnight madness is the ultimate scavenger hun...
 This is a superb TV series, it's sympathetic a...
 Though the plot elements to "The Eighth Day" s...
 I watched two very different Holmes adventures...
 Tempo Di Uccidere (Time To Kill) by Guiliano M...
 Ugh! Where to begin ... first, Campbell Scott'...
 What is it now-a-days that minority comedians ...
 I felt like I was watching the Fast and the Fu...
 I found it hard to care about these characters...
 I felt that the film was rushed, and the actin...
 Notice I have given this 1 star if the option ...
 As others have mentioned, all the women that g...
 Raising Victor Vargas: A Review<br /><br />You...
 After leaving TV's popular "The Andy Griffith ...
 Spoiler warning!!!<br /><br />This is probably...
 I give this film it's props that it is very we...
 I got this movie out a week after the death of...
 Skip this Hollywood version, a real piece of g...
 I can't believe this is on DVD. Even less it w...
 Unreal "movie", what were these people on?? A ...
 There's something strange about the antisocial...
 My wife and I met doing a professional product...
 Buffs of the adult western that flourished in ...
 Wow what a great premise for a film : Set it a...
 Something does not work in this movie. There a...
 While listening to an audio book, Cambpell Sco...
 When I first heard about "Greek," I figured I ...
 Saw this at Sundance one of the first years I ...
 This movie was just down right bad. I love war...
 This movie was a waste of 3 hours of my precio...
 The first von Trier movie i've ever seen was b...
 Of course, "Flatley" is already not exactly th...
 This is definitely one of Jet's best efforts. ...
 If you've ever wondered why they don't make po...
 This movie wasn't awful but it wasn't very goo...
 Pixote is directed with barely a shred of sent...
 I'm not sure how I can make ten lines out of t...
 "I didn't want this to get complicated, Leese....
 When it comes to movies I can be pretty picky,...
 This is one of those movies that apparently wa...
 My impression, having seen this documentary, i...
 I watched this movie for the first time around...
 I can't think of much to say about this film. ...
 I read the book in a summer book club, and all...
 I was surprised as I watched this movie, how m...
 This is a story about a journey made by a man ...
 The actresses are cute and the sets, while sim...
 It was only on my second viewing, years later,...
 Having read the comments on the site I feel co...
 MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS For about the last four y...
 Kate Gulden, played by one of the most nominat...
 This is one of those made-for-TV B movies that...
 Even Sophie Marceau's presence and the few (ve...
 I loved this movie!<br /><br />Movies and play...
 "Distant" is a slice-of-Turkish-life flick whi...
 The Intruder (L'Intrus), a film directed by Fr...
 This one is considered a key Pre-Code film  f...
 In Tweety's S.O.S, Sylvester goes from picking...
 Salvage is the worst so called horror film I'v...
 A group of teens decide to take their slumber ...
 Yes, why? Among the filmmakers that came out i...
 On Humphrey Bogart's first trip to Hollywood, ...
 A reporter, Craig Milford, who works for The J...
 This movie was so bad! It was terrible! It was...
 There have been many excellent comments about ...
 I watched this years ago on television when I ...
 I thought that Zombie Flesh Eaters 2 was quite...
 What can i say about the first film ever?<br /...
 This is a film that was very well done. I had ...
 I first saw this movie as a teenager when it c...
 Now this is one of Big's Best, Jack Hulbert's ...
 Perhaps being a former Moscovite myself and ha...
 I had the misfortune to sit through the full 1...
 Once again, Bugs Bunny sacred home is violated...
 Pokemon 3 is little more than three or four ep...
 I can pretend no knowledge of cinematography o...
 20 years ago Dr Chopper(yes, he is driving a c...
 Wow! The sort of movie you could watch ten tim...
 I saw the trailer for this film before watchin...
 There have been numerous productions that tell...
 Steven Spielberg (at 24) had already directed ...
 Some TV programs continue into embarrassment (...
 Brainy, cross-dressing little boy finds succes...
 Jackie Chan's classic directorial feature POLI...
 The story is about the life of common people f...
 In the European TV industry, movies like this ...
 This movie had very little good points, the sp...
 Sweet romantic drama/comedy about Stewart and ...
 All of those who voted less than 5 are obvious...
 Now, I won't deny that when I purchased this o...
 Extraordinary Rendition is a frightening pract...
 The Man with the Golden Arm, Otto Preminger's ...
 A man and his wife get in a horrible car accid...
 Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager turne...
 This wasn't the major disaster that I was expe...
 Don Wilson stars as Jack Cutter (Ooh real toug...
 Okul is the first of its kind in Turkish cinem...
 I recently waisted 8  by going and see this m...
 I have watched this movie well over 100-200 ti...
 A resurrected wrapped monster goes on a murder...
 I usually like movies about animals or reptile...
 One of my favorites non-MGM musicals, it's a c...
 If you're a fan of Gothic horror, then you're ...
 I just saw it at the Toronto International Fil...
 You looking for a comic drama with suspense an...
 This Chinese movie made me feel so many simila...
 Oh my GOD this was so bad! The story was weak ...
 The pros of this film are the astonishing figh...
 Other than John Krasinski, this movie was abso...
 This late-ish effort from Freda plays as a mod...
 I watched it last night and again this morning...
 Boring, long, pretentious, repetitive, self-in...
 I have recently watched this film, and have de...
 My son was 7 years old when he saw this movie,...
 I found the movie very real just as much as Sa...
 "L'appartement" has to be among the best Frenc...
 Carlos Mencia continually, violently, hatefull...
 I went into this movie knowing nothing about i...
 Ooof! This one was a stinker. It does not fall...
 Crossfire is a fantastic film noir that is bot...
 White man + progress + industrialization = BAD...
 Sports movies have never been my thing, but a ...
 The film that gave us John Waters is one of th...
 Four young grade-school girls witness the murd...
 Call it manipulative drivel if you will, but I...
 This movie is visually stunning. Who cares if ...
 For me an unsatisfactory, unconvincing heist m...
 La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza, or The Bloodsu...
 A repressed housewife (an annoying lisping Ang...
 THE STAR PACKER is one of about 152,000,000 we...
 I had never heard of this one before it turned...
 A nicely evoked 1930s setting provides much in...
 The 63 year reign of Queen Victoria is perhaps...
 There has been a lot of love that has been put...
 I watched this movie on TCM last night, all ex...
 *****Spoiler Ahead*****<br /><br />I suppose t...
 At initial thought, the concept of this show s...
 The only film I've ever walked out on. Amazing...
 Watch this movie .....only to truly appreciate...
 I tried to love this movie. I really did. Kevi...
 Jack Frost is Really a Cool Movie. I Mean....I...
 In the twilight years of his career, Charles B...
 I saw this movie with my girlfriend. It was a ...
 The British claymation series putting "witty" ...
 Caught this on IFC yesterday, and can't believ...
 Kingdom County, Vermont, 1927. Noel Lord (Rip ...
 This movie is very good. The screenplay is enc...
 WWII veterans return home and find it hard to ...
 Please, for the love of God, don't watch it. N...
 I watched this film because I'm a big fan of R...
 30 years after the original film, "Goodbye, Mr...
 I was told about this film from a friend who s...
 This is an embarrassing nth rehashing of the s...
 At 20 years old, Francis Ouimet (Shia Lebouf) ...
 and I still don't know where the hell this mov...
 A chilling and gory tale of a couple inheritin...
 This film should have been fun. A young Lea Th...
 A very weak movie, mainly because of a poor st...
 I vowed some time ago to never get another Joe...
 S l o w, l o n g, d u l l. . .<br /><br />Oh m...
 I wasn`t expecting much with HARLEM NIGHTS but...
 The problem with TV today is that people have ...
 This is one of the better comedies that has ev...
 I'll give it a two for Denis Leary. He had som...
 There aren't too many times when I see a film ...
 I bought this movie hoping that it would be an...
 Do you get it? Like the car. These are the jok...
 On the pure theatrical side, Last Stand was gr...
 A woman and her aunt go to Scotland to locate ...
 Gene Hackman gets himself busted out of prison...
 This show demonstrates the depths to which UK ...
 I watched this film on ITV and I enjoyed it a ...
 This was one of the worst movies I have ever s...
 Do yourself a favor and stay away from this fi...
 For every series that makes it to television, ...
 Finally got to see this movie last weekend. Wh...
 The dead spots and picture-postcard superficia...
 The only reason anyone remembers this steaming...
 A fascinating look at the relationship of a si...
 *****I reveal two 'twists' at the end of the f...
 When you go at an open air cinema under the Gr...
 The filmmakers try to paint the influence of t...
 As I watched this movie, and I began to see it...
 This movie is really bad. The hero can't play....
 ...and I Bought A Vampire Motorcycle staggers ...
 As their entire career was a pale impersonatio...
 Lil Bush is a 30 minute cartoon show comprised...
 Well acted, yes. Very well, I must say, even t...
 One word for it. Hilarious. I haven't watched ...
 Set in a post apocalyptic future, the new high...
 i've discovered that this film gets rented bas...
 Black and White film. Good photography. Believ...
 This movie starts off as a college T'n'A flick...
 I saw this movie thinking that it would be one...
 this film had a lot of potential - it's a grea...
 Wow, this is anti-Christian bias big-time! Thi...
 I had the (mis)fortune to see this film at a s...
 I work at a movie theater and every Thursday n...
 One Stinko of a movie featuring a shopworn plo...
 Why did I enjoy the show to the last episode? ...
 This centers on unironic notions of coming to ...
 ....is where I'm assuming this movie came from...
 A milestone in cinematic history, 'Bronenosets...
 This film does not have the outstanding visual...
 While I am not a woman, I can enjoy a chick fl...
 I had to get this movie, since it didn't come ...
 This piece of garbage belongs in the basement ...
 I rented this movie roughly 4-5 years ago and ...
 The Aristocats is really quite charming, and i...
 As if the world hadn't already got enough chea...
 Revisiting old films that you thought were ave...
 We also found this movie on the discount rack ...
 This movie is just horrible. It's boring, it's...
 it is of course very nice to see improvements ...
 One of the intriguing aspects of this historic...
 One of the most disgusting films I have ever s...
 Amateurism best describes the film adaptation ...
 As someone who was born to a German mother and...
 This is my favorite love story it has every el...
 Dani(Reese Witherspoon) has always been very c...
 Tom the cat, Jerry the mouse, and Spike the Do...
 Many of the reviewers have made it a point to ...
 I have been a fervent Hal Hartley supporter si...
 The strong points in the film were clear for t...
 The Brain That Wouldn't Die is one awful piece...
 I have seen my fair share of comedy and standu...
 I tried to watch this movie in a military camp...
 I will give it a second chance but was very di...
 Shallow, shallow script ...stilted acting ...t...
 Witty. Quirky. Genuine. Surreal. Butterfly win...
 I saw the premier of this movie during the 200...
 this is the perfect example of something great...
 Seriously, I've read some of the reviews on th...
 ba ba ba boring...... this is next to battlefi...
 Filmed by MGM on the same sets as the English ...
 I came to NEW PORT SOUTH expecting a surrogate...
 A suspenseful thriller that bears some resembl...
 I turned 13 when Elvis hit the big times in 19...
 Typically elaborately crafted HBO production w...
 This film is one of the best of 1986 with cree...
 The Night Listener held my attention, with Rob...
 I saw this movie and thought it was a sleeper....
 As we all know a romantic comedy is the genre ...
 The story is similar to ET: an extraterrestria...
 Two qualifiers right up front: I actually thin...
 This is one of those movies that's trying to b...
 This excruciatingly boring and unfunny movie m...
 This movie is rated a classic on sentiment not...
 This is truly truly one of the best movies abo...
 The big names in film tried to do their part f...
 Hard to categorize the film - perhaps it's an ...
 It seems that there is great potential for the...
 The problem this film has is the same problem ...
 I think that this movie is very neat. You eith...
 if filming is about vision and real life this ...
 I MAY have seen an episode or 2 when the show ...
 Ok, I like B movies...I know what B movies are...
 Are you a giraffe?... ask John to Nadia, and s...
 Let's face it.<br /><br />This movie is incred...
 I am a huge fan of warrior movies. Some of my ...
 (spoilers)Wow, this is a bad one. I did a doub...
 Going into this movie you know that this is mo...
 Atlantis was much better than I had anticipate...
 One of the best horror/suspense movies I have ...
 While the camerawork was certainly "funky" - p...
 Oh, I'm mostly not the kind of person to give ...
 Excellent Hitchcock thriller with Robert Cummi...
 When Philo Vance (Edmund Lowe) is standing pre...
 Most of the Atomic Age monster movies I saw on...
 I watched this movie at a party, we were very ...
 *BE WARNED OF POSSIBLE SPOILERS*<br /><br />A ...
 A fairly interesting look at some characters f...
 Oh-so-familiar comedy story about low-key nice...
 What was the aim here...I started to have a lo...
 Having read another review, I thought this mov...
 As I am not a blood and guts fan I found the g...
 To put it simply, I enjoyed this film. The rea...
 Forget about the plot of this movie. Forget ab...
 This is an unusual film because although it wa...
 For anyone who cares to know something about t...
 I swear if I did ever tried cocaine I'd be abl...
 Tony Scott has never been a very good director...
 This is one of those movies that you wish you ...
 Hard Justice is an excellent action movie! The...
 Not that many films have truly exploited the f...
 I enjoyed this film, which offers a variety of...
 The very few reviews I could find online of Ba...
 In my opinion of this movie the entire video p...
 Ronald Colman won a Best Actor Oscar for showy...
 Naturally I didn't watch 'GI Jane' out of choi...
 so altogether i found this documentary to be s...
 The film adaptation of James Joyce's Ulysses i...
 This show is freaking hilarious! the jokes are...
 This is the worst movie I have seen to date. 8...
 As I watch this film, it is interesting to see...
 Wow, was this version of THE RACKETEER tough t...
 Now I know why this movie can be bought for so...
 For those who commented on The Patriot as bein...
 Proof why Hollywood conventions are in place. ...
 It is true that some fans of Peter Sellers wor...
 American-made final entry in the "Blood Island...
 The power rangers is definitely the worst tele...
 It seems on the surface to be a romantic _plan...
 Being a completely broke film buff with a hous...
 A MUST SEE! I saw WHIPPED at a press screening...
 Masters Horror: Sounds Like is set in Seattle ...
 If I write a review about a movie, maybe it wi...
 Writer & director Robert Downey, Sr., a pionee...
 I caught this movie on Sci-Fi before heading i...
 Brief summary: This movie demeans everyone it ...
 After coming off the first one you think the w...
 This performance leaves you with no wishes. We...
 This movie is a great attempt towards the revi...
 <br /><br />Although the lead actress is STRIK...
 Unlike one of the reviewers below, I don't thi...
 If Monte Hellman's legendary early 70's road m...
 My take on the ending. Bobby died at the hands...
 Abbott and Costello's talents shine in the hap...
 I grew up with H.R. Pufnstuff and the dashingl...
 This picture was banned from American movies h...
 Takashi Shimizu had a great opportunity with a...
 Way back when, the X-Files was an intelligent,...
 I saw this film at the Boston Internation Fest...
 The auteur of "Prince" manages to take an exce...
 This is the biggest load of crap that I have s...
 I have a two year old son who suffers from the...
 This is essentially a variation on House Of Wa...
 I borrowed this movie because not only because...
 UGH!...this is the worst Wrestlemania hands do...
 Strange, often effective hippie zombie flick, ...
 Richard Dix decided to retire and so Michael D...
 I shudder to think what people must have thoug...
 I was 19 in 1970 when it came out and having h...
 This, along with "Hare Tonic," ranks as one of...
 42/100. Often referred as "Tarzan with clothes...
 Hahahaha!!!!!!Funny-that sums this movie up in...
 What can be said about one of the greatest N64...
 Sometimes, making something strange and contem...
 "Cinderella" is a film about a young girl whos...
 Though this film doesn't stand out particularl...
 The idea behind this film was a good one. Too ...
 This film is NOT about a cat and mouse fight a...
 Hellraiser: Bloodline is where the sequel medi...
 While he was great in Boogie Nights, I think t...
 <br /><br />Once I ignored some of the implaus...
 I think that saying this film has too many is ...
 <br /><br />Summary: Not worth the film<br /><...
 What are the odds of a "Mermaid" helium balloo...
 Sidney Stratton is having trouble maintaining ...
 Forget all those sappy romantic movies involvi...
 Though it pains me to some degree that I'm bot...
 Watching this movie was the biggest waste of t...
 I'm sorry for Jean, after having such a good o...
 My Tutor Friend is a well scripted romance com...
 I really enjoyed this movie, and I'm not a cla...
 Touching; Well directed autobiography of a tal...
 I watched it subtitled as it was in Russian, b...
 I've seen (far too) many flicks from this comp...
 This movie is about a young girl who goes to l...
 Man, I can't believe the largely harsh and neg...
 While Leon is cute on SNL, he's only on for a ...
 If I could i would give ZERO stars for this on...
 If you've ever listened to any of the James Le...
 While it has been many decades since I last re...
 Two old buddies are sent to Japan to get back ...
 I absolutely hate the idea of made for televis...
 A perfect little atrocity...I doubt if a singl...
 Yeah i saw the rough cuts. The unedited sex sc...
 I remember this show from Swedish television. ...
 This film derives from a Long Running ITV sitc...
 Being a fan of the game and watching this film...
 "Twelve monkeys"'s got all the elements to bec...
 This is the most disturbing film I have ever s...
 I usually much prefer French movies over Ameri...
 The casting of Robert Culp is probably the onl...
 Business Executive is kidnapped, made to wande...
 This film has a lot of raw potential. The scri...
 This movie fully deserves to be one of the top...
 After all these years, of Peter O'Tool's brill...
 This woman never stops talking throughout the ...
 After reading some quite negative views for th...
 With all the excessive violence in this film, ...
 Undoubtedly one of the best episodes ever, Bal...
 I find it hard to believe that anyone would pu...
 Wonderful family drama/comedy starring MacClai...
 The last reviewer was very generous. I quiet l...
 This movie portrays Ruth as a womanizing, hard...
 From the writer of "What Ever Happened to Baby...
 Apparently Ruggero Deodato figured out, early ...
 The 700 Club gives a great perspective on worl...
 I was a fan of the AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON...
 The arrival of an world famous conductor sets ...
 A new creative team emerged in 1950 when brill...
 There are lots of extremely good-looking peopl...
 I miss Dark Angel!..<br /><br />I understand n...
 OK, it's very rare that I complain something I...
 This film is slow. This film is cheap. This fi...
 The best independent film of 2001 - I went to ...
 You've been fouled and beaten up in submission...
 Felix is watching an actor rehearse his lines:...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** THE CELL / (2000...
 A fine young cast is wasted in this empty, maw...
 this movie scared me so bad, i am easily scare...
 i am totally addicted to this show. i can't wa...
 A typical Lanza flick that had limited audienc...
 When this film was originally released it was ...
 -might contain spoilers... but believe me, thi...
 Lindy (Meryl Streep) and her husband Michael (...
 Are you kidding me?! A show highlighting someo...
 On a routine mission in Iraq a group of Delta ...
 At the end, it is clear that the murderers pla...
 This was a pretty good movie. I love fighter j...
 This show sucks. it was put on fridays on roll...
 Why do I like DISORGANIZED CRIME so much? Why ...
 Like 'First Blood', this attempts to make a po...
 Ask yourself where she got the gun? Remember w...
 This "Debuted" today on the SciFi channel and ...
 I was very excited when this series premiered ...
 Warning Might contain spoilers<br /><br />i ju...
 I remember watching ATTACK when it first came ...
 I was permanently scarred by this terrible fil...
 I have seen it. It's not "good" but interestin...
 The first one was the best. The second one suc...
 Set in Paris in the year 1910, a retired old r...
 OK, this movie, was the worst display I have s...
 Things that are only just now "news" were take...
 Most awful casting I've ever seen. Clark Kent ...
 getting to work on this film when it was made ...
 After his success with A Nightmare on Elm Stre...
 I can't help but laugh at the people who prais...
 In my opinion, this movie is not good. I hardl...
 Emma is a true romance. If you love the soppy ...
 I would have rated the series a perfect 10 for...
 As a Pokémon fan I enjoyed this movie very muc...
 Watching this movie is like eating a banquet o...
 Although it's not as creepy as it's cult class...
 You can read all kinds of references into the ...
 I happened to see a promo for this movie on Sp...
 Playwright John Osborne's (Look Back in Anger,...
 I saw an interview with Rob Schneider (who pla...
 A compelling, honest, daring, and unforgettabl...
 Pretty bad. This film about a grizzled(and fra...
 Terrific little film that stars Mary Astor as ...
 '1408' is the latest hodge podge of cheap scar...
 Guy walking around without motive... I will ne...
 Belushi at his most ingratiating and Courtney ...
 This is a very enjoyable, fluffy, glamorous mu...
 Casting bone to pick: David Jannsen was 38 pla...
 Anyone that is looking for an episode of "Law ...
 I've just been at the cinema in down town Prag...
 The Best of Everything is a high gloss large s...
 This mindless movie is a piece of crap and bor...
 Bergman is a sublime comedy director and write...
 Warner Bros. made many potboilers in the 1930s...
 First, let me review the movie. This movie cre...
 I have never been as surprised by a film that ...
 This is a so called 'feel-good' movies, howeve...
 Okay, maybe this movie not a revolution. But i...
 All the actors in this film seem bored. They a...
 I'm writing this as I watch the DVD. I grabbed...
 This movie is ridiculous! That's exactly what ...
 Clean family oriented movie. I laughed, I crie...
 Canadian filmmaker Mary Harron is a cultural g...
 All you need to know about this film happens i...
 ...this film noire set piece suffers from murk...
 A little girl lives with her father and brothe...
 Airwolf The Movie, A variation on the original...
 I saw part of this film on the Sci-Fi Channel,...
 I just saw the movie on tv. I really enjoyed i...
 typically, a movie can have factors like "arou...
 Carlos Mencia just plain isn't funny! His show...
 One of the first of the best musicals, Anchors...
 I hadn't planned on leaving a review, but seei...
 The one line summary is actually the punch lin...
 Well I too had heard read all the breathless r...
 I remember loving this show when I was a kid. ...
 Billed as Takashi Miike's "first family film" ...
 I can't believe we watched this total piece of...
 If there was a God, he would have made sure th...
 Hi! Being able to speak Cantonese, I found thi...
 From the title, the tag-line, the plot summary...
 i was glad that this movie did without all the...
 Walt Disney's CINDERELLA takes a story everybo...
 Seriously, I don't even know where to begin. I...
 Now, I love bad, old skifee movies as much as ...
 Writer & director Jay Andrews, a.k.a. Jim Wyno...
 This is the slowest "film noir" film I've ever...
 This is basically your run of the mill violent...
 I sat last night to see this film being played...
 What can I say about this film other than the ...
 I looked forward to watching this film since I...
 One unfortunate reality of post-Soviet Russia ...
 This movie is so bad, it can only be compared ...
 Live! Yes, but not kicking.<br /><br />True st...
 Two college buddies - one an uptight nerd, the...
 ... why watch a TV drama (billed as a comedy) ...
 It's hard to believe that this is a sequel to ...
 I've seen this film so many times, It's that g...
 I couldn't stop laughing, I caught this again ...
 This film is harmless escapist fun. Something ...
 Exceptional movie that handles a theme of grea...
 Words can scarcely describe this movie. Loaded...
 Can the intensity of a husband's love for his ...
 Van Dien must cringe with embarrassment at the...
 We so often talk of cinema landmarks - Kane, T...
 Awwww....yes, it is heartwarming and all that ...
 "It's not like that big mechanical toy", says ...
 This has to be one of the most outrageously st...
 If the Lion King was a Disney version of Hamle...
 Years ago a movie going friend and I went to s...
 I'd never seen an independent movie and I was ...
 Fun With Dick and Jane failed to entertain on ...
 Finally, after years of awaiting a new film to...
 I watched this movie a long time ago, but I've...
 Thanks to a smart script and a steady hand fro...
 Loved the movie. I even liked most of the acto...
 I do not write reviews here often but I can no...
 When I saw the commercial for this, I was all ...
 The main reason I wanted to see this movie was...
 This is a classic movie that dramatizes the pl...
 I don't watch very many 'horror' movies, but o...
 Here's the skinny, it seems that this is much ...
 This could have been a good episode but I simp...
 From the first time I saw the box cover of the...
 This Charles outing is decent but this is a pr...
 I know if I was a low budget film maker I woul...
 The movie starts out fine. Widower out with ne...
 Chang Cheh's "Shaolin Temple" might very well ...
 May contain spoilers<br /><br />This historica...
 Three kids are born during a solar eclipse and...
 To heighten the drama of this sudsy maternity ...
 It is easy for a movie that tries to be suspen...
 `Bruce Almighty' will sweep the Academy Awards...
 A mild-mannered NY lawyer (George Segal) is sl...
 Not near as well made as the "Guinea Pig" flic...
 The main word that comes to mind when consider...
 What can i say about this movie that hasn't be...
 Model Chris McCormack (Margaux Hemingway) is b...
 An OK flick, set in Mexico, about a hit-man (S...
 Creep is the story of Kate (Potente), an inten...
 Evil never looked so bad. They meant it.<br />...
 This is a really really bad movie. However It'...
 I gave this movies a 7 out of 10. I think the ...
 Words can't describe how utterly stupid this s...
 Running out of films to rent, I picked up Free...
 This movie should have been named Need For Spe...
 Stay FAR AWAY from this film. The fact that yo...
 If you first saw this movie with Mary of the F...
 "Twelve Monkeys" is odd and disturbing, yet be...
 After watching this thing, then reading the su...
 Spoilers - in as far as I describe characters ...
 K, one day my father picked up a movie with a ...
 If you're a fan of film noir and think they do...
 1. The Largest Amount of Money Spent was on th...
 First off, I dislike almost all Neil Simon mov...
 Den Brysomme Mannen is one of the better films...
 Kim Basinger stars as Della, a housewife who h...
 It was only when I saw Napoleon Dynamite that ...
 Not entirely sure how I stumbled upon this mov...
 The movie had a lot of potential, unfortunatel...
 I wanted to see this movie because I am a very...
 I thank god I didn't go to cinema for this fil...
 My favorite show of all time! Yeah, I thought ...
 This is indeed a god adaptation of Jane Austen...
 Not even the Beatles could write songs everyon...
 Isaac Florentine has made some of the best wes...
 My first hugely disappointing BBC/Jane Austen ...
 1985 was a good year for films - maybe even gr...
 Wow. I do not think I have ever seen a movie w...
 When King Kong stripped her of her top in the ...
 Sure, the film is full of black militant stere...
 I saw this movie once as a kid on the late-lat...
 This is one of the most stupid and worthless m...
 Aileen Gonsalves, my girlfriend, is in this fi...
 Much to your presumable happiness fair readers...
 This film was utter tripe. Possible that it is...
 Just as in Rififi, the most compelling scene i...
 This documentary is rife with problems.<br /><...
 This film is about a male escort getting invol...
 "Johnny Dangerously" is a sort of hit and miss...
 Barry, a medical transcriptionist has his mind...
 I just watched it for the second time today an...
 People say that this film is a 'typical teen h...
 Given its time of release, the story that unra...
 SPOILERS All too often, Hollywood's Shakespear...
 Sad story of a downed B-17 pilot. Brady is sho...
 Finally, the uncut version of "Baby Face" surf...
 For a kid's movie, this is great. As an adult ...
 I just saw this film again, I believe for the ...
 Adolf Hitler's maniacal desire to impose his w...
 I really enjoyed The 60's. Not being of that g...
 Okay, if this film had been made much later in...
 Nothing I dislike more than a kung-fu movie th...
 This movie is one of my all time favorites. I ...
 OK, I didn't know what to expect when I saw th...
 "A Girl's Folly" is a sort of half-comedy, hal...
 I wish I had something more positive to say ab...
 Gómez Pereira is the responsible for some of t...
 This review has been written by someone who ha...
 W. Somerset Maugham's Of Human Bondage is supp...
 It's not really about wine. No, Nossiter's rea...
 The show is really funny. Nice theme. Jokes an...
 <br /><br />Oh my word!! I have never seen a f...
 As you can guess by my rating and my title of ...
 ....is the boob in the pie. Every thing else i...
 Here is what happened:<br /><br />1) Head of B...
 The always delightful Kevin Spacey makes us on...
 I wouldn't call myself a big fan of the genre ...
 I was pulled into this movie early on, much to...
 I thought I was wasting my precious 50 bucks g...
 Before we begin, I have a fear of dentists. Th...
 Ealing Studios, a television and film producti...
 This is the kind of movie that could have ruin...
 Before this clip, music videos were merely to ...
 The concept of this movie is pretty compelling...
 good job.that's how i would describe this anim...
 Somewhat too long and going over the top towar...
 And thus was born the most amorous skunk ever ...
 John Knowles modern masterpiece, A Separate Pe...
 I had never heard of Robert Roy MacGregor befo...
 Let me start off by saying I love Japanese cin...
 It's a while ago, that I have seen Sleuth (197...
 Judging by some of the comments in IMDB, I was...
 The cast of "All That" returns for good humor ...
 Knowing when to end a movie is just as importa...
 Well, I'd heard from somewhere that Ossessione...
 What a shame that some good talent was wasted....
 I saw this television version of a Christie my...
 Beware, My Lovely came on TV on BBC2 recently ...
 My Architect is a great film about Nathaniel K...
 I had high hopes for this movie I even gave up...
 The Man with Bogart's Face sets it self up to ...
 For anyone who has trouble with naughty, mad o...
 This is a perfect example of a Classic Full Mo...
 I recommend watching this film with your signi...
 This movie has lots of action and little heart...
 My friends and went through a period of time w...
 Nemesis 3 is the worst movie what I have ever ...
 Well, this film is a difficult one really. To ...
 It's that film that loads of people hail as a ...
 The storyline of "The Stranger" mirrors somewh...
 Whew! What can one say about this bizarre, stu...
 Documenting a documenter. That's one way to de...
 First, I'm sorry for my English. Second, the t...
 After reading the mostly glowing comments abou...
 I like monster movies, generally. Even if they...
 Good film. Tells a boyish fantasy story, telli...
 I was surprised when I saw this film. I'd hear...
 Pretty terrible, but not entirely unwatchable....
 If I was still 5 I might find it scary. It is ...
 After watching "The Bodyguard" last night, I f...
 A journey of discovery, this film follows the ...
 It is beyond me why two million Danish people ...
 Usually, any film with Sylvester Stallone is u...
 I have copies of both these Movies the classic...
 The Stepford Children, besides being a very go...
 At the first glance of this film the camera an...
 Richard Donner shows off his liberal credentia...
 1939 is universally accepted as the greatest y...
 Class Reunion is a very underated comedy gem. ...
 What a wasted opportunity to actually make an ...
 This was the third time I tried to watch this ...
 Tara Reid as an intellectual, Christian Slater...
 When I saw Lon Chaney, Jr. and Boris Karloff i...
 I watched Asterix and Obelix in Operation Cleo...
 Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the head ch...
 Since this show was changed from TSS (the scre...
 It might be a little erroneous to open a revie...
 Maybe this isn't fair, because I only made it ...
 The Last of the Blond Bombshells is an enterta...
 I can't believe I wasted my time with this mov...
 The obvious parallels between Walt Disney's ch...
 Awful, dreadful, terrible. The actors are bad,...
 The most stupid of Seagal's movies I've ever s...
 Back in 2002 when Matthew Lawrence did The Hot...
 Centres on Czech WW2 pilots  the older Franti...
 Other than some neat special effects, this mov...
 I saw "Paris Je T'Aime" because a friend reall...
 An end of an era was released here in the Stat...
 For those of you who have never heard of the m...
 Even though an animated film it really bored e...
 Liked Stanley & Iris very much. Acting was ver...
 The worst thing about Crush is not that it's a...
 Well I'm blowed, a Woody Allen film that I wal...
 OK, I could only find three reasons to conside...
 It has taken several viewings for me to fully ...
 I have been a "huge" rush fan ever since "movi...
 Bad, bad, and did I mention bad? Aside from th...
 I think this is what this movie wants us to sa...
 <br /><br />Attack Of The Killer Tomatoes is a...
 Along with the "Maratonci trce pocasni krug" f...
 I saw this movie when it was first released in...
 Froggie is upset that he never has a big party...
 I'm so glad I happened to see this video at th...
 From the first to the last scene, this film is...
 I loved this movie and I watch it everyday. I ...
 Too much added with too much taken away from a...
 I saw this late at night on a minor channel an...
 This movie is maybe one of the most boring mov...
 I was speechless and devastated after my first...
 I have a lot of respect for Mr. Argento's work...
 Unusual? Yes!<br /><br />Unusual setting for a...
 I know slashers are always supposed to be bad,...
 Mind-numbingly boring, utterly predictable and...
 Val Kilmer is almost nowhere in this film -luc...
 I wouldn't be so sure to accept the DNA tests ...
 I found this movie to be one of the best for t...
 I saw this film last night on cable and it is ...
 The first of the Tarzan movies staring Johnny ...
 I still can't believe this movie. They got so ...
 Having been a faithful Asterix fan all of my l...
 Vivah is by no means a classic. However in the...
 An inventive, suspenseful exercise in claustro...
 A typical 70s Italian coming of age film, orig...
 Perhaps one of the worst teenage slasher films...
 This is definitely a movie that will make you ...
 Superbly developed characters into the lots of...
 "Caligula" shares many of the same attributes ...
 I love All Dogs Go to Heaven even though I'm a...
 I've just visited Russian forum of our TV-chan...
 ****Probably will contain spoilers****<br /><b...
 Soul Calibur is more solid than it ever was......
 As several posters have "hinted," this is a so...
 The acting in this movie was superb, but mixed...
 Jameson Parker And Marilyn Hassett are the scr...
 I somehow managed to make it all the way throu...
 The big bad swim has a low budget, indie feel ...
 twenty years later, this movie still remains a...
 Movies like this one, and C.R.A.Z.Y., make me ...
 Every now and then a film maker brings to life...
 This movie tries to be more than it is. First ...
 Oh,God! Book II is more of a bad remake of the...
 The (DVD)movie "The Tempest", directed by Jack...
 I kind of had somewhat high expectations for t...
 Shaggy & Scooby-Doo Get a Clue. It's like watc...
 Picking this up along with the rest of the Mar...
 A simple movie in the beginning, a simple movi...
 By the time this film was released I had seen ...
 I didn't know anything about this movie before...
 Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had extensive (se...
 I love this show. Now, I'm not a big fan of ma...
 In my case I liked this movie because when I s...
 Modern, original, romantic story.<br /><br />V...
 The story of a woman (Ann) on her death bed, h...
 I still haven't gotten to see all of this; it'...
 This is just one of the hundred million movies...
 (BIG SPOILERS) I've seen one other Takashi Mii...
 Ridiculous film where two swinging college gra...
 Look, I've practically lost all hope in Nickel...
 Here's an oddity: a modern-day film about a se...
 I cannot see why anyone would make such a movi...
 I've read other hacks' reviews of this movie, ...
 The Joe Cool Review - Hellraiser: Bloodline<br...
 I saw Heaven's Gate on its opening week nearly...
 The Argentinian music poet, Atahualpa Yupanqui...
 Who wouldn't want to go on road trip with Pete...
 My daughter gets really put out at me when I r...
 Starting on or around 1965 American movies too...
 A romanticised and thoroughly false vision of ...
 (r#88) Brilliant, very entertaining show with ...
 I had been waiting to see this movie for so lo...
 While Hollywood got sort of stagnant during th...
 If you consider yourself a horror movie fan, c...
 I watched this movie after seeing other commen...
 OK, here it is: "Nazi mountaineer befriends th...
 While the premise of the film sounded unique a...
 The previous poster obviously worked on the mo...
 How can you resist watching a film with some s...
 I'm absolutely disgusted this movie isn't bein...
 I don't want to go off on a rant here, but.......
 Night of the Demons is a great movie and an ex...
 'Steamboat Willie' is the first cartoon with s...
 Irwin Allen was great. All of his TV shows had...
 This film struck me as a project that had a lo...
 This film as it is now is far shorter than it ...
 I was at the premier of the movie last night i...
 This is a great example of very none Hollywood...
 Remember - before there was Sidney, there was ...
 Being a filmmaker myself, and possessing a som...
 May 2nd: someone clicked 11 NOs, and then proc...
 I've heard many things about Beowulf, maybe be...
 I am not quite sure I agree with the director ...
 The inherent problem with any staging of 'The ...
 Although Flatliners is 15 years old, tonight w...
 Whoever filled this stupid idea of acting and ...
 To this day, I have never seen Elizabeth Shue ...
 This third installment in the Scarecrow series...
 "Hey everybody! I've got an idea, we found thi...
 "A Texas community is beset with a rash of mys...
 Ms. Stowe is sensational in this power drama a...
 I saw this movie yesterday. I must admit - I l...
 i've watched this movie (movie?) casually and ...
 Well, the movie is basically about the last da...
 I saw this mini-series when I was in high scho...
 In a small, picturesque Sicilian village, some...
 There is something about this show that keeps ...
 I realise that the US Army was demoralised by ...
 This was my late wife's favorite film. I'm sor...
 A charming little film set in the UK about the...
 This film is so bad, it made me want to vomit....
 This film was really a breath of fresh air fro...
 The DVD sleeve explains the premise: "Three pr...
 Lucille Ball's version of "Mame" in my opinion...
 <br /><br />When I first started watching this...
 Words can hardly describe what Blue Planet bro...
 this flick is strange but i liked it a lot. it...
 Archbishop Desmond Tutu, who is seldom a favor...
 I wish I'd known more about this movie when I ...
 This Movie is really an entertaining, good cle...
 From the makers of Underworld, we have, by far...
 FLIGHT OF FURY takes the mantle of being the v...
 This World War II Popeye cartoon had some very...
 Two years after the success of 'Airplane', Jim...
 When I took my seat in the cinema I was in a c...
 I'm one of the millions of Columbo addicts all...
 Another pretentious film from Vicente Aranda. ...
 "After the atomic bombs carried by a shot-down...
 Steven Spielberg wanted to win an Oscar so bad...
 Mark Hamill should have felt mighty embarrasse...
 Vodka Lemon is a charming, yet extremely uneve...
 If you ask me the first one was really better ...
 Junior high and high school teachers will find...
 Strange enough, all the previous comments mere...
 The Ruth Snyder - Judd Gray murder in 1927 ins...
 Pretty, stereotyped, good looking cast, the st...
 Oh boy. Films like this really bother me. If t...
 breathtaking, this is without doubt the best a...
 REALLY??? <br /><br />I am truly amazed to see...
 A lot of people unfairly sh!t on this series b...
 Ignoring Rocky 3, this is easily Hulk Hogan's ...
 James Cagney is best known for his tough chara...
 THis movie shows us once again, how genius the...
 Elizabeth Rohm was the weakest actress of all ...
 Hilarious, clean, light-hearted, and quote-wor...
 I had the PRIVILEGE of attending the UK premie...
 This great movie has failed to register a high...
 The photography and editing of the movie is ex...
 I see that C. Thomas Howell has appeared in ma...
 If you have seen Friends, the writing will fee...
 CONGO is probably the worst big-budget movie o...
 The only way to truly understand and relate to...
 Description: Corny, utterly stupid and worthle...
 normally,i would say i loved this movie.not fo...
 Charmed was awesome!!!! I don't get how Pheobe...
 I saw this bomb when it hit theaters. I laughe...
 This film certainly wasn't very sophisticated....
 this is just usual Indian garbage that gets tu...
 This mini-series is iconic of the Australian s...
 this could have been good,but sadly,its too in...
 Anyone not aware of the 1973 original British ...
 Not a movie, but a lip synched collection of p...
 Rififi is a great film that is overlooked. It'...
 It's always difficult to put a stamp on any fi...
 Does this film suck!! Horrible acting, horribl...
 I think this movie is underrated. To me it fel...
 Did you ever see the film "Marathon Man"? The ...
 Saw this on SBS TV here in Australia the other...
 Three young college women, Simona (Iva Krajnc)...
 Maybe I'm biased because the F-16 is my favori...
 This is not only one of the greatest Jackie Ch...
 was sort of enjoying this movie until the issu...
 I haven't seen this fine movie in 50 years but...
 This made-for-TV film is a brilliant one. This...
 I also attended the RI International Horror Fi...
 he is the quintessential narcissist and manipu...
 that got destroyed quickly by the poor quality...
 I am completely appalled to see that the avera...
 When I was a teen-ager seeing this film for th...
 It's a soap-opera drawing upon an applied ethi...
 An obsessive love story, where the characters ...
 This was the greatest movie I have ever seen i...
 I get a kick out of the new Who fans who call ...
 Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear. My lifetime was dra...
 La Coda Dello Scorpione (a.k.a. Case of the Sc...
 <br /><br />I just bought this movie on DVD an...
 This was the stupidest movie I have ever seen ...
 There are other reviews here so I don't need t...
 Robert Altman, Nicolas Roeg, John-Luc Goddard-...
 I enjoyed this film. It was a joy to see a ver...
 You think the police are always right.<br /><b...
 The Waiting Womans Ward of a large lying-in ho...
 Now I love Bela Lugosi,don't get me wrong,he i...
 I am a big fan of The ABC Movies of the Week g...
 A very potent drama of Faulkner's small town s...
 Four teenage girlfriends drive to Fort Laurdal...
 A Bug's Life is a very good animated feature. ...
 I have never been one to shy away from saying ...
 I went to see Ashura as 2005 Fantasia Festival...
 I caught this movie at the Glenwood Cinemas at...
 Jimmy (Heath Ledger) is given a simple job by ...
 Maybe James P. Lay knows what do to in the sou...
 Paranoid Park is about Alex, a 16 year old ska...
 OK, Number one-this "film" is a "90's" version...
 The Good<br /><br />Carrey is good actor and h...
 I was very interested in seeing this movie des...
 I'll say it again: this movie was totally lame...
 Although, this episode was offensive to the To...
 I didn't know if i would laugh or cry seeing t...
 This was one of the worst movies i have ever s...
 i just finished watching Dressed to Kill,which...
 This movie made me so angry!! Here I am thinki...
 This movie is so bad that it actually gets fun...
 Although it got some favorable press after pla...
 I'm not really much of an Abbott & Costello fa...
 Do you guys wanna know a secret?. This movie s...
 Boring. Minimal plot. No character development...
 Okay, you have:<br /><br />Penelope Keith as M...
 A student filmmaker enlists a B-grade actress ...
 Kinda boring, kinda gross, kinda unsettling, t...
 ... and I actually gave it a ZERO on my person...
 This is an awesome action film with great one ...
 You know what you are getting when you purchas...
 I think i was one of the people who found this...
 I love all his work but this looks like nothin...
 I watched this movie, and hoped for something ...
 As it was already put, the best version ever o...
 This is the first time I'm entering a comment ...
 This movie starts off promisingly enough, but ...
 This is on my TV right now... but only long en...
 We rented the movie and it maybe the worst mov...
 I was recently given this film on DVD as a gif...
 This movie was a mess. It had the absolute wor...
 John has made two One man shows. Spic O Rama a...
 I heard so much about this movie how it was a ...
 Forget the recent dire American remake which s...
 Perfect cast for a few-person drama. Simon is ...
 China White (1989) was Ronny Yu's first intern...
 This is really really bad. Lamas shows just ho...
 The scariest thing about this horror movie is ...
 What was always missing with the Matrix story ...
 Impressive vision indeed, and some hot chicks ...
 Tony Scott directs a thriller sports flick tha...
 James Stewart plays Johnny Mason, lawyer. Caro...
 Personally, I didn't really gain a whole lot f...
 Oh My Gosh!!!! This was the first movie Broken...
 The daytime TV of films. Seldom have I felt so...
 Clark Gable plays a con man who busts into the...
 Gandhi, the Great :<br /><br />Greatness in th...
 I guess you have to give some points for the s...
 A brilliant chess player attends a tournament ...
 Kinda funny how comments for this film went co...
 E. Elias Merhige's existentialist experiment i...
 This film is one of the worst adaptations of P...
 I saw this movie previewed before something el...
 SPOILERS A Jewish Frodo? Yep, that'll be Elija...
 Very touching film, a great surprise to come u...
 A must see movie for anyone who ever went to c...
 Perhaps the best Isabel Allende's book, House ...
 It's such a shame that because of it's title t...
 Stealing is a crime, and these guys, Kenny Yak...
 I can not believe such slanted, jingoistic mat...
 Let's face it; Nancy Drew was never great lite...
 I attempted to watch this, and was highly disa...
 Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is an assassin for ...
 There is NO Esperanto in this movie<br /><br /...
 What is really sad, shows like Six Degree's an...
 Any film that deals with bigotry in a positive...
 The Brain (or head) that Wouldn't Die is one o...
 by TyNesha Mells. In this drama, Ja Rule, who ...
 I'm always suprised on how different all peopl...
 i was intrigued to see how a little-seen 2008 ...
 SPOILER ALERT<br /><br />A cliché-riddled film...
 Picture the scene: A bored student with an emp...
 Hooray for Korean cinema! Last year I saw "Chu...
 Documentary about nomadic Persians making a tr...
 Winter Kills is a terrible, incoherent and ver...
 OZ is an old TV series released by HBO. It sho...
 I saw this movie today on the big screen and i...
 I won't claim to be a fan of Ralph Bakshi, bec...
 When I saw the preview, I thought: this is goi...
 Disney has yet to meet a movie it couldn't mak...
 Tourist Trap (1979) is an entertaining horror ...
 If you watch this series you will get an inter...
 I really liked this Summerslam due to the look...
 Far by my most second favourite cartoon Spielb...
 Ever notice how so many really bad films attra...
 Imagine that "Dragnet" episode where Friday an...
 Opening the film with a Bach Toccata is an aur...
 No rubbish - no where even near rubbish. Not a...
 A truly remarkable film that takes you on a jo...
 Hey if people thought ed wood was a bad direct...
 While traveling with a team of misses for the ...
 This is a very dramatic and suspenseful movie....
 I'm not usually into dark/psychological thrill...
 Townies is the laziest movie I have ever seen,...
 Somebody decided to make a "black version" of ...
 I am not from America and I know what 'Wife Sw...
 this is the 1990's TV show,not the movie from ...
 A sentimental, heart-tugging family film set i...
 Very odd, this seems like a very average movie...
 SPOILERS HEREIN<br /><br />My High School did ...
 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie...and I watch ...
 Many of us find art agreeable only when the ma...
 I had to watch this in school. And to sum it u...
 A crackling and magnificent thriller about a c...
 This British film version of the stage play I ...
 I found parts of this movie rather slow, espec...
 This is a pretty bad movie. But not so bad as ...
 I am really at a loss as to how anyone could g...
 If you are looking for a movie with beautiful ...
 This could be difficult to for some people to ...
 pretty disappointing. i was expecting more of ...
 Even though this movie starts off with the usu...
 Batman Mystery of the Batwoman, is, in a word,...
 And I do. Peter Falk has created a role that w...
 I was given the opportunity to see this 1926 f...
 I found this a bit hard to follow to the exten...
 This movie was terrible. It was so very terrib...
 Certainly not a bad little low budget film, th...
 Some unrealistic movie spoilers included.<br /...
 I'm a collector of films starring Ms. Weaver, ...
 What often threatens to turn into a soppy and ...
 First off there is nothing wrong with studying...
 I haven't watched this show in months, but for...
 The charm of Otto Preminger's grandiose, visio...
 This movie is Hilarious what is better than wa...
 SEPARATE LIES is such an elegant, intelligent ...
 This movie was like a gathering of people that...
 A friend gave me this movie because she liked ...
 If my expectations weren't exceeded, they were...
 For me this movie is essentially like a featur...
 Ugh. This movie has so many unbelievable plot ...
 Spoilers<br /><br />Wow, END OF THE WORLD is a...
 "Tragic Hero" is a film that is most definitel...
 People have often been uncomfortable with "The...
 I've seen some bad things in my time. A half d...
 Controversial German journalist Jutta Rabe who...
 Flipping through the channels I was lucky enou...
 I didn't feel that this film was quite as clev...
 As predictable as a Hallmark card, but not wit...
 This episode introduces us to the formal dress...
 I've had a thing for this Kari chick for a whi...
 This does give away some of the plot, by the w...
 Hold Your Man finds Jean Harlow, working class...
 I watched the movie, and was dismayed to say t...
 Dear reader, Watch out! This movie is not real...
 The original Vampires (1998) is one of my favo...
 **Warning! Slight Plot Spoilers Ahead!**<br />...
 We went into this movie because my husband had...
 I agree with the other 9 and 10 star reviews. ...
 The Toxic Avenger, hideously deformed creature...
 Almost no cinema experience can beat a good th...
 When I decided to watch THE BARBARIANS, starri...
 I really only watched this movie because it ha...
 I honestly found Wicked Little Things to be a ...
 This covers just about every area of the creat...
 The Black Castle is one of those film's that h...
 Devil Dog sets your heart racing. It's brillia...
 This made for television version of the legend...
 When I think of Return of the Jedi I think epi...
 The last Tarzan film starring Johnny Weissmull...
 Shame on Yash Raj films and Aditya Chopra who ...
 A failure. The movie was just not good. It has...
 while watching this piece of crap! The Day aft...
 In director Sooraj Barjatya's Vivah,20-somethi...
 Occasionally one is served a new entrée from f...
 Spin-offs, for somebody who don't know, are no...
 > Contrary to most reviews I've read, I didn't...
 This is, without a doubt, the most hilarious m...
 I was drawn to DAN IN REAL LIFE from the excel...
 Uzumaki succeeds as at plunging you into a biz...
 ...an incomprehensible script (when it shouldn...
 A British teen movies which centres around a g...
 This Movie was amazing, it is the kind of movi...
 86 wasted minutes of my life. I fell asleep th...
 Prof. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) discovers Rad...
 I loved this movie so much. I'm a big fan of A...
 This Paramount version/ripoff of OKLAHOMA!/ANN...
 Worst De Niro Scorsese collaboration in this h...
 I had no idea who Bruce Haack was before seein...
 Worst show I've ever seen. The story is about ...
 I know, I know: it's childish. But I just love...
 I'll bet none of you knew that the famous Conq...
 Before this, the flawed "Slaughterhouse Five" ...
 Fabulous cinematography from Sergei Urusevsky ...
 I'm from Phoenix city and the first time i saw...
 Blood Surf AKA Krocodylus is a fair film that ...
 Having watched both the Lion King and Lion Kin...
 This is a strong recommendation to anyone who ...
 OK now, lets see. What was funny in the first ...
 I just viewed Eddie Monroe and I was very impr...
 Based on a true story, this series is a gem wi...
 This is another one of those films that I reme...
 I remember seeing this film when I was 13 year...
 I highly reccommend this movie. It blurs the l...
 AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHE...
 I think that this is a fabulous movie... I wat...
 When i was told about this movie i wasn't too ...
 Well, sadly, I can't help but feeling a little...
 A fine line up of actors and a seemingly nice ...
 An incredible little English film for so many ...
 This 2003 made for TV movie was shown on a wom...
 Don't be deceived as I was by the 'glowing' re...
 Successful self-made married businessman Harry...
 The Killing Yard is a great film, although une...
 This was a very good movie and is absolutely u...
 I agree with other users comments in that the ...
 Killjoy 2 surpasses the first movie by just a ...
 I think this movie is amazing but there is one...
 This was basically an attempt to do the same t...
 This movie was exactly what I expected it to b...
 I watched this over the Christmas period, I do...
 Now, lissen you guys, I LOVED THIS FILM, thoug...
 Let me start out by saying this movie has 1 fu...
 Mishima is one of the greatest films ever made...
 It pains me to write such a scathing review bu...
 Obviously, the the responses here were written...
 i really wanted this to be good as i am from L...
 This is the sort of unknown and forgotten film...
 I picked up the movie with no cover and not ev...
 Famous for introducing the world to Hedy Lamar...
 The first time I saw this film, I was in shock...
 In recent times I have been subjected to both ...
 Ramsay  the kings of comedy (or was it horror...
 I looked forward to spending part of my Indepe...
 This superb 40's post war classic, tends to be...
 This was just another marvelous film of the Be...
 Tripping Over. I must say at first I was a lit...
 This is no doubt one of the worst movies i hav...
 I actually saw the movie before I read the boo...
 This effort was like a glitzy TV movie...I don...
 Watching this movie made me think constantly; ...
 The Andrew Davies adaptation of the Sarah Wate...
 Its not Braveheart( thankfully),but it is fine...
 i found it highly intellectual and artistic in...
 I grew up with this as my all-time favorite fi...
 Humphrey Bogart clearly did not want to be in ...
 This film is really bad,so bad that even Chris...
 It is by far the most definitive film on the p...
 Frantic, somewhat mean spirited, infantile hum...
 Having finally been able to get the DVD of thi...
 (possible spoilers)<br /><br />Someone once as...
 This show is awful. How is George wanting the ...
 It's a great American martial arts movie. The ...
 "La Maman et la putain" is the beautifulest fi...
 This is a really dark movie. Noir indeed. The ...
 If you look at Corey Large's information here ...
 Charlotte Beal arrives at an isolated country ...
 Here he is. A new horror icon for the new mill...
 Oppenheimer was a GREAT series (it was the fir...
 Disappointing comedy-drama with sentimental co...
 I love this episode of Columbo. Maybe it's bec...
 It's a strange feeling to sit alone in a theat...
 John Hughes wrote a lot of great comedies in t...
 Where to even start? The horrendous acting? Th...
 <br /><br />I would highly recommend seeing th...
 I first saw this when it premiered more than t...
 The first question that springs to mind after ...
 We have reached the ceiling of implausibility ...
 I was at first disgusted with director Sun-Woo...
 Being a wrestling fan, movies about wrestling ...
 "They All Laughed" is one of those little movi...
 i'm not sure if it is available worldwide - bu...
 The numbers don't lie, 109 people have voted f...
 (This might have a spoiler)<br /><br />When I ...
 For all the Homicide junkies out there, this m...
 Sublime--perfect--profound--a true lesson on t...
 A nice, humorous mix of music hall (in the fir...
 I've seen tons of HK actioners, and this one i...
 This is a very amusing and sometimes quite cre...
 What was this supposed to be? A remake of Fish...
 Did anybody succeed in getting in this movie?<...
 There have been some funny movies about spirit...
 When George Sluizer was told he could direct a...
 This agreeably perverse and oddball early 80's...
 I am not one of those people that will walk ou...
 I have always wanted to see this because I lov...
 Latcho Drom, or Safe Journey, is the second fi...
 This is a romantic, albeit cheesy movie that i...
 Sadness was the emotion I felt, after the scre...
 Reading the other user comments, the review by...
 It's a bit difficult to believe that this came...
 Oh, dear lord.... They've turned what was a fa...
 James Joyce, arguably, could write some of the...
 Saw in on TV late last night. Yeah, I can hear...
 This film is replete with sentimentality, unpr...
 This is one of the few movies released about a...
 Where this movies differs from traditional Hol...
 This is a sad movie about this woman who thoug...
 On the eighth day God created Georges. But the...
 You know you're in trouble when John Cassavete...
 Julia Roberts obviously makes a concerted effo...
 I was pretty young when this came out in the U...
 This was truly the most painful experience I h...
 It ran from 1959-1973. Its more than its longe...
 This movie made my face hurt. I don't understa...
 A very good adaptation of the novel by amrita ...
 I thought this to be a pretty good example of ...
 When I saw the preview for this movie, I figur...
 What a fine film! Unfortunately, being 1947, t...
 Turner and friends are closing in on HBO for t...
 After seeing A Texas Tale of Treason, the meas...
 I loved this movie!!! The characters were peop...
 This relic of a short film starts with a teen ...
 Although my exposure to world cultures is limi...
 This is about as good as gone with the wind wa...
 the most "spiritual" film I have seen in a lon...
 A beautiful film, touching profoundly up the s...
 Veteran director and producer Allan Dwan, whos...
 We saw this at one of the local art movie thea...
 <br /><br />Dull Demi, going thru the motions....
 From the start this film was awful! Why was it...
 If you r in mood for fun...and want to just re...
 There is simply no use in trying to glorify an...
 Lazy movie made by a lazy director. The charac...
 While I don't claim to be any sort of expert i...
 I'll make this brief. This was a joy to watch....
 A very strange, disturbing but intriguing film...
 I have seen all the film interpretations of Ha...
 This Game is a good looking First Person Shoot...
 Cosimo (Luis Guzman) ends up in prison for car...
 I loved this movie, and I am one of the older ...
 Seeing that this movie was on the IMDB Bottom ...
 First let me say I'm not someone who usually c...
 I have seen most of John Waters' films. With t...
 I actually saw China O'Brien II before I ever ...
 This...thing. oh god this thing. i can't even ...
 I like this presentation - I have read Bleak H...
 As most other reviewers seem to agree, this ad...
 Women will like this movie better than men. Of...
 Worst movie I have seen since Gingerale Aftern...
 This movie is about a young scientist who crea...
 'Thunderbirds' was an immensely popular Sixtie...
 While it would be easy and accurate to go into...
 Well, this is probably one of the best movies ...
 This was very funny, even if it fell apart a l...
 I guess my biggest mistake was to watch this r...
 OK, what to say about Actium Maximus...<br /><...
 Q.E.D. was a brilliant TV series and it truly ...
 An unbelievable plot, laughable characters, an...
 Little Dieter Needs To Fly is another in the r...
 This is a kind of movie that will stay with yo...
 I enjoyed Erkan & Stefan  a cool and fast sto...
 The idea of In the Name of the People is good,...
 Words can hardly describe it, so I'll be brief...
 The Five Deadly Venoms is a great kung-fu acti...
 In the 1980s in wrestling the world was simple...
 "Sandra, the Making of a Woman" is a standout ...
 We've all seen this story a hundred times. You...
 This grainy film has a cult following and one ...
 Oh, where are you going, my little one, little...
 I actually went to see this film in a theater,...
 What an absolute pile of pants. Having read Ch...
 A German freshman, Stefan hitch hikes to Paris...
 I don't know if I should be amused or insulted...
 "A Town Called Hell" (aka "A Town Called Basta...
 This film, once sensational for its forward-th...
 I watched this movie because of Costas Mandylo...
 I'll be quick to address the matters of the fi...
 I just rented Blackwater Valley Exorcism becau...
 One of the best sitcoms to run on Indian telev...
 God I love this movie. If you grew up in the 8...
 When I first saw "Before Night Falls", Javier ...
 From the first 10 seconds of Pitch Black I was...
 I Remember That Hey Hey Fuss & I Saw The Jacks...
 Meryl Streep as Kate, a woman dying of cancer,...
 Going' Down To South Park is a 1hr long docume...
 I can sit through this movie once, but I doubt...
 Pretty lousy made-for-TV sequel to the Roman P...
 The name of this film alone made me want to se...
 I thought this movie was pretty good. Some par...
 When it came out, this was pretty much state o...
 I liked this comedy so much. Will Smith does n...
 Done on a spare change budget of twenty bucks ...
 One would think that a film about a young pers...
 I am never a big fan of Taiwan movie productio...
 Whew. What can be said about Gymkata that hasn...
 If you like subtle psychological dramas/thrill...
 Run away from this movie. Even by B-movie stan...
 If I didn't know any better, I would have thou...
 This is my favorite show. I think it is utterl...
 Wow...<br /><br />I picked this up at the loca...
 This feeble attempt at veering your typically ...
 In post civil war America the President, (Van ...
 Well another shootem up. Typical run around fi...
 This isn't a life-changing movie; it's not an ...
 I was in Blockbuster and I saw a film called "...
 this movie made me watch Paul W.S. Anderson's ...
 Michael Feifer writes and directs this fictiti...
 Isabelle Huppert portrays a talented female pi...
 "Why are there so many songs about rainbows, a...
 Thanks Jymn Magon, for creating Disney's 2 bes...
 I admit to being somewhat jaded about the movi...
 This is the only David Zucker movie that does ...
 In my opinion, the movie was laughable--bad di...
 Hulk Hogan and Zeus are horrible wrestlers and...
 The minute I started watching this I realised ...
 This show is not clever. That's basically what...
 Although I gave a rating of "9", my expectatio...
 I can give you four reasons to see this movie:...
 A superb and compelling drama about the hunt f...
 My name is John Mourby and this is my story ab...
 This was one of the dullest movies I have seen...
 This is a very entertaining film which follows...
 This TV film tells the story of extrovert Fran...
 I am so glad that i got a chance to see this r...
 Excellent film featuring Anthony Wong that cer...
 I'll keep the review of this program as short ...
 "Dick Tracy" is one of our family's favorites ...
 It's not the most well made slasher movies of ...
 If this movie would have been in English, all ...
 My wife and I saw every episode in this series...
 As Salinger's "A Perfect Day for Bananafish" e...
 This movie is awful. At the end of it you will...
 Is it just me or are most of the actors in thi...
 Every time I see a film like this I get sick t...
 The Battleship Potemkin was said to have been ...
 Take 4 couples whose relationships were alread...
 This is clearly a French film. It is about you...
 This lasted several years despite the late hou...
 This is an excellent stand-up DVD! Eddie Izzar...
 and quite frankly that just sums it up.<br /><...
 Anyone who has seen the piece of steaming smel...
 This horrendously bad piece of trash manages t...
 On the cusp of being insufferable. Somehow I s...
 1975's MASTER OF THE FLYING GUILLOTINE is an a...
 I wouldn't dare say this film is better than t...
 I watched this movie on the grounds that Amber...
 Spoiler Alert I worked as an extra on this Lif...
 Like many a child born in the 1980's, I grew u...
 Released some months before the end of the war...
 "Pixote" is the one of most powerful, shocking...
 One thing i can say about this movie is well l...
 This was a blind buy used DVD. It totally kill...
 This movie is not the scariest of all time, bu...
 Yes this movie is obviously trying to be a Con...
 Hartley on low-key form: Martin Donovan, born ...
 This is quite possibly the worst sequel ever m...
 I am not so much like Love Sick as I image. Fi...
 An excellent performance by Alix Elias highlig...
 I must admit that I had my doubts about this m...
 The majesty of Ramin Bahrani's second feature ...
 Well,this movie is really "PLUMPED" HAHA Get i...
 This is a low budget film with a cast of unkno...
 Someone has already mentioned "being at the ri...
 I believe that war films should try to convey ...
 This unintentionally amusing mid-80s TV movie ...
 You don't have to be a tamilian to appreciate ...
 This is one of the most awful movies I've ever...
 At first I couldn't tell if it was an art film...
 17/02/09 "More" (1969) Dir: Barbet Schroeder <...
 Welcome to Collinwood is a lot of things, but ...
 "The Falcon & the Snowman" offers some of the ...
 I have yet to watch the first entry in this se...
 i think this show is awesome!!! i love it, and...
 Just been on sci-fi channel UK, 5th July, its ...
 This movie was lame, lame, lame. What a build ...
 "Gaming? Nicotine? Fisticuffs? We're moving in...
 Just an hour ago I finished watching this my f...
 I didn't think this was as absolutely horrible...
 After reading about this documentary, I rented...
 This version of "The Magic Flute" is not only ...
 Ken Loach showed the world the down-and-out fl...
 First of all, I'd like to say I'm just an amat...
 wow! this was a great movie! i just got it fro...
 This movie has always been my favorit Disney m...
 One of the best of the 'kitchen-sinks'. Fantas...
 Seen this one in a Sneak Preview yesterday and...
 The Book of Life was rather like a short snack...
 I wondered why John Wood was not playing Dr. F...
 Still love it 17 or so years after the first t...
 Red Skelton was still another major star who m...
 I saw it, I agree with him 100%, but I didn't ...
 this is a TV movie based on the murder of Mart...
 Normally I would never rent a movie like this,...
 Gillian Holroyd (Kim Novak) is a witch. Secret...
 I almost called HBO and demanded my money back...
 ...but other than that, there's almost no rede...
 I have viewed this cartoon as a child, a fathe...
 If one would see a René Clair film with the ki...
 Treat Williams reached a degree of stardom wit...
 I'd never thought that I would be caught sayin...
 i'm being generous giving this movie 2 stars. ...
 `An Itch In Time' is one of a string of home r...
 This movie is excellent. I found it very inter...
 Let me first start out by saying 1 out of 10 i...
 I love low budget independent films and had hi...
 I am normally skeptical about watching films o...
 In my personal opinion i think this is the gre...
 Beautiful, emotional, and subtle. I watch this...
 I am surprised by the relatively low rating th...
 The TV guide calls this movie a mystery. What ...
 This is easily the best cinematic version of W...
 Since Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon came along...
 Hi Y'all,<br /><br />I bought this on DVD from...
 The first 1/3 of this movie I loved and though...
 The zenith of two brilliant careers. David Lyn...
 Kept my attention from start to finish. Great ...
 I saw this movie many years ago and it has nev...
 Retro Puppet Master is complete and utter CRAP...
 This film was probably inspired by Godard's Ma...
 Some genre films need to be dressed up. This o...
 The Man (Gaston Modot) and the Young Girl (Lya...
 Come on, let's get real. The Knights of Christ...
 Fritz Lang's German medieval saga continues in...
 I loved this movie! It was adorably touching a...
 Bad. Bad. Bad. Those three lines sum up this c...
 I have read the last comment made on this film...
 How awful is it? Let me count the ways: 1) It ...
 (Some Spoilers) PRC quickie that has J. Carrol...
 (Some spoilers) I have not read the James M. C...
 I don't think I've ever been so bowled over by...
 For me this movie was a disappointment. Someho...
 Kirstie Alley, looking a bit slimmer, but only...
 Interesting twist on the Vampire yarn - fast, ...
 I had never thought the standard of Yashraj fi...
 Assuming this won't end up a straight-to-video...
 I don't remember a movie where I have cared le...
 Little Mosque is one of the most boring CBC co...
 The Man with the Golden Arm was one of the fir...
 The one thing I really can't seem to forget ab...
 Five years on from the Tenko survivors returni...
 The year 1934 was when Shirley Temple played t...
 I was lucky enough to have seen this on a whim...
 One of the first things I noticed that allowed...
 Idiots go camping and act like idiots before t...
 Aparna Sen's 15 Park Avenue is a film about na...
 The preposterous premise of this flick has to ...
 Manna from Heaven is heavenly. This is a movie...
 Ugh. This is a terrible film, full of disastro...
 Being a gay man who lived through the time per...
 I cannot believe how perfect this movie is. Gr...
 This movie seems to have a lot of people sayin...
 Forget about Donnie Darko. I open with this be...
 How this movie escaped the wrath of MST3K I'll...
 We all create our own reality, or do we? That ...
 Keys to the VIP, an original series by the Can...
 S. Epatha Merkerson shines as Nanny in this to...
 All I can say is I really miss this show!! My ...
 The Second Woman is about the story of a myste...
 If he wanted to be accurate, he should have ch...
 I have yet to watch STARCRASH (1979) - that no...
 Pat O'Brien had his best role ever as Notre Da...
 This movie rates as one of my all time favouri...
 I felt I had to add a comment after seeing the...
 The story isn't very strong. Don't expect a "B...
 Vaguely reminiscent of great 1940's westerns, ...
 On the 26th of September 1983 a short dumpy 60...
 When a film has no fewer than FIVE different t...
 A delight mini movie, a musical short based on...
 "The Puffy Chair" was a supreme waste of 84 mi...
 OK, let me again admit that I haven't seen any...
 This is just a bad movie. With what seemed to ...
 When Hollywood is trying to grasp what an "int...
 A unique blend of musical, film-noir and comed...
 First of all - I hardly ever watch Swedish mov...
 I first saw this movie in my plays & playwrigh...
 I am giving this movie Vampire Assassins a "2"...
 Nynke is a classy filmed movie in the same sty...
 Really no reason to examine this much further ...
 Collusion Course is even worse than the typica...
 Clint Eastwood plays a wounded Union soldier f...
 I was extremely amused to read some of the bad...
 The literary genius of Vladimir Navokov is bro...
 After reading the comments to this movie and s...
 The lousiest of all lousy Jaws rip-offs was re...
 This is a film about passion. The passion it d...
 It may have not been up for academy awards and...
 Now this is what I'm talking about. Finally, a...
 As a writer I find films this bad making it in...
 The movie Night Crossing captures the feelings...
 This thing is horrible. The Ben Affleck charac...
 This is far the most worst film I've seen this...
 I was never a big fan of television until I wa...
 What a self-indulgent mess! Duncan Roy's film ...
 A beautiful postcard of New York. The thing I ...
 This film is terrible - honestly. The acting i...
 This movie was different from most of Jimmy Ca...
 Bubbling just beneath the surface of Showtime ...
 First off, I agree with quite a bit that escap...
 The Film must have been shot in a day,there ar...
 This is the first time I ever saw a movie with...
 This was one film i wanted to watch always whe...
 (There are Spoilers) Homicidal nymphomaniac ho...
 Ugly shot, poorly scripted and amateurishly pa...
 A difficult film to categorize. I was never gi...
 This movie was one of the worst I have ever se...
 This movie is an almost forgotten gem from 197...
 "Go Fish" garnered Rose Troche rightly or wron...
 honestly I don't know why this show lasted as ...
 I was lucky to see this sequel before the orig...
 I thought I was going to watch a scary movie.....
 The Priyadarshan/Paresh Rawal combo has been g...
 this is complete crap do not watch the main ch...
 Naturally Sadie sucks big time, I have no idea...
 If you think about it, it's nearly unbelievabl...
 This movie is a mess, but at least it's not pr...
 i just get exited when the movie start(because...
 Minor Spoilers<br /><br />In Chicago, Grace Be...
 In a nutshell the movie is about a gang war in...
 The great Yul Brynner, who won an 'Oscar', and...
 Acting This film is a very well acted film. I ...
 This movie was okay, but it certainly defeats ...
 The only thing that The First Power really has...
 "The Man In The Attic" is a movie set in the 1...
 Being from a small town in Illinois myself, I ...
 The past creeps up on a rehab-addict when he r...
 This is just flat out unwatchable. If there's ...
 Cute idea to have Dionne Warwick do the song v...
 I have to admit I've caught this one a few tim...
 This movie had a IMDB rating of 8.1 so I expec...
 This movie was terrible. The acting was lame, ...
 "How many ppl know about this?"..."Lets keep i...
 I've watched it plenty of times and I'm planni...
 I saw the original rough screen showing 4 time...
 I liked this movie I remember there was one ve...
 In spite of many positive reviews this is a ve...
 The movie has several story lines that follow ...
 Paul Mazursky misfires on this film. The writi...
 If you loved "Pulp Fiction" and like hand held...
 The film transported everyone back to October ...
 This is fairly typical for the Sci-Fi Channel:...
 This film was both entertaining and thought-pr...
 I remember seeing the trailer for this film an...
 When I was younger, I liked this show, but now...
 The romance of the movie, which is also its ma...
 Alright, I got passed the horrible acting. I g...
 Kareena Kapoor in a bikini hmmmmmmmm.<br /><br...
 I read all of Nancy Drew as a preteen and coll...
 What could have been an excellent hostage movi...
 We have all been asking ourselves "why don't t...
 This movie is one of the most memorable films ...
 SPOILERS Sex huh? It's one of the most basic p...
 After having seen a lot of Greek movies I feel...
 A friend of mine once rented this, thinking si...
 Apparently, this is what happens when a direct...
 I am a fan of the Nightmare series but this on...
 This mini-series is actually more entertaining...
 (contains slight spoilers)<br /><br />It's int...
 What a dreadful film this is. The only reason ...
 A charming romantic comedy. The plot is a litt...
 This film was screen as part of the 2007 Sydne...
 This movie was a waste of time. It looks nice,...
 OK so a 10 for a 2 1/2 star movie you ask?...w...
 I'll be honest, this is one of the worst movie...
 This is one of the best movies to come from Bo...
 This Canadian "movie" is the worst ever! Stunn...
 I'm Mike Sedlak. I co-wrote the score for this...
 The one thing that occurred to me after watchi...
 This is a fact that this is the 1st Saudi feat...
 Computing . Can there be anything more boring ...
 I am a film directors nightmare... especially ...
 Meet Cosmo (Jason Priestley), a nerdy young bo...
 Rita Hayworth as Rusty Parker is the COVER GIR...
 This movie sucked. From beginning to end it wa...
 John Leguizamo's one man shows are hit or miss...
 The first thing I thought after watching "Myst...
 The only way to get anything out of this film ...
 "Graduation Day" - <br /><br />i bought this m...
 I'll come clean. The only reason I even found ...
 Lady and the Tramp II is very colourfully anim...
 I have to start saying it has been a long time...
 Girlfight is a story about a troubled teen nam...
 This film is good in it's genre and that genre...
 With the Terrible acting, the awful dialog, th...
 Inside I'm Dancing (Rory O'Shea Was Here)is th...
 i was given the book version of Kazaam for my ...
 Was'nt really bad for Raw's first PPV of 006. ...
 I have to agree with what many of the other re...
 Resident Evil:code veronica is a great well ma...
 This movie was obviously made with a very low ...
 Well, it is a Monogram quickie from the dreade...
 I used to always love the bill because of its ...
 Footprints is a very interesting movie that is...
 I expected a bad movie, and got a bad movie. B...
 Even though this was a disaster in the box off...
 I jotted down a few notes here on THE FIRST PO...
 There have been very few films I have not been...
 Return of the Boogyman is a dreadful movie whi...
 I will admit that this movie was awful, cheesy...
 High school female track star dies of a blood ...
 The movie that i am going to review is a littl...
 On top of the fact that Skylar is a complete d...
 Jimmy Cagney races by your eyes constantly in ...
 Homegrown is one of those movies which sort of...
 Hilarious, clean, light-hearted, and quote-wor...
 I'm not sure this review contains spoilers, bu...
 Although the beginning suggests All Quiet on t...
 Impactful film of four city slickers in crisis...
 It's a bad movie, it seems like there is only ...
 Noni Hazlehurst, Colin Friels, Alice Garner, C...
 The only good thing of this movie is its final...
 Dogtown and Z-Boys<br /><br />Summary: Dogtown...
 I've seen this movie today for the first time ...
 Funny, yes. A Freleng classic! To watch Sylves...
 Oh, there are many worse Wayne movies. This mo...
 At first I thought that this one was supposed ...
 A bit quirky and bordering bad taste; but inte...
 First I want to clarify that the average user'...
 Good to see I'm not the only person who rememb...
 does anyone know where i could get my hands on...
 Trot out every stereotype and misrepresentatio...
 In watching Enterprise for the first time, as ...
 This movie is brilliant. The comments made bef...
 Gulliver's Travels is, at the beginning, a sat...
 Priyadarshan- whenever a person heard his name...
 I found this show really late at night, and ga...
 Much to her adult children's chagrin & nearly ...
 The banner says it all, this is one really bad...
 This movie was very disappointing, and except ...
 Oh man, what was Sam Mraovich thinking? What w...
 Saw the movie last night w/o knowing anything ...
 I was very curious to see this Wajda-Depardieu...
 The second live action outing for Asterix is f...
 After watching the first movie in BCI's new Az...
 The emotional impact of this movie defies word...
 A film without conscience. Drifter agrees to k...
 I remember that i was a child when i first saw...
 Way too many Christian films become centered a...
 When Kristy Swanson gets an attack of the guil...
 Gotta add a comment to this one!!!<br /><br />...
 I saw this film yesterday on TV. I had just fi...
 Strangler of the Swamp was made by low budget ...
 for everyone who has read this book, Fanny Pri...
 I saw this film a week ago and I had to persua...
 This film is about a man who has been too caug...
 How wonderful. Yet another movie about America...
 First, what I didn't like. The acting was not ...
 I usually enjoy Loretta Young's early movies: ...
 Ah, Hitchcock! It's hard to find a bad Hitchco...
 This movie shows what you can create if you ha...
 Being a great fan of horror, especially Asian ...
 As a big fan of David Mamet's films and plays,...
 I watched this today, partially attracted to t...
 This film is fantastic as it explores storytel...
 This version of "Moby Dick" insults the audien...
 This was the third Muppet movie and the last o...
 The only real highlight in the movie is the de...
 <br /><br />When I unsuspectedly rented A Thou...
 Oh Geez... There are so many other films I wan...
 Edward Furlong and Christina Ricci are an exce...
 Well, 1st off I haven't seen "Silence of the L...
 A fascinating slice of life documentary about ...
 Shecky, is a god damned legend, make no mistak...
 Lifeforce is certainly one of Tobe Hooper's be...
 I rented Boogie Nights last week and I could t...
 i saw this film over 20 years ago and still re...
 A photographer in the small city of Gunsan in ...
 His choice of films, the basic 'conceit' of th...
 This was a very funny, fast paced movie. I wat...
 I can only echo the praise of the other review...
 This is the best movie I`ve ever seen !!! Thom...
 I love this freekin movie! Walsh is a true mas...
 A remake of a successful movie can be a tricky...
 That film is absolutely fantastic!! If you wat...
 I laughed twice watching this movie and in cas...
 At first I didn't think I would like this movi...
 Good times working with the Quiroz Brothers, a...
 If you love The Thin Man series, you will love...
 Okay, like many other such films, spawned out ...
 Hello again, I have been thinking about this m...
 This second full-length Lone Ranger feature do...
 I might not be a huge admirer of the original ...
 We have moved far beyond this tentative foray ...
 When it comes to the erotic genre, I'm lucky t...
 Before I start to tear apart this movie, mark ...
 this movie simply does not work. The action sc...
 This incredibly overrated anime television ser...
 "Clubbed" is yet another 'will-this-do?' entry...
 **** SPOILER WARNING ****<br /><br />Absolutel...
 Went looking for this movie after i read Tom C...
 One of John's Funniest, Eugene Levy is great i...
 This movie is just a lot of fun. I've seen it ...
 Brilliant film! I am sorry to say that it rese...
 Usually I love Lesbian movies even when they a...
 When I first watch this series, the impression...
 How a director of Altman's experience could ev...
 Would you like to know why French and Italians...
 This film was so disappointing. From the blurb...
 Jim Henson always seemed to put out wonderful ...
 I really enjoyed this movie. The humor was a b...
 I can see the guys doing the budget preparatio...
 This is a movie about people receiving a love ...
 Coming from the "druggie" generation, I though...
 This film is truly execrable in all department...
 This movie was messed up. A sequel to "John Ca...
 After all these years I still consider this se...
 Jason Lee does his best to bring fun to a sill...
 This movie deserved better. Mike Judge's satir...
 OK, so I am an original Wicker Man fan and I u...
 Fairly funny Jim Carrey vehicle that has him a...
 I can't believe that this movie even made it t...
 Already his first claim, that desires are alwa...
 This film very succeed in the Film festival in...
 This movie, while seemingly based off of a mov...
 A little while ago, I stumbled upon this DVD w...
 Cosimo (Luis Guzmán) is told in prison about a...
 This movie was a pleasant surprise for me. In ...
 I must admit that I have been a sucker for Sam...
 This film was sourced from my friends mum who ...
 This movie was bizarre, completely inexplicabl...
 Just the fact that the cover is a drawing, lik...
 William H. Macy is at his most sympathetic and...
 I was shocked to read all these wonderful comm...
 Director/screenwriter Diane English's 2008 upd...
 This is the worst movie of all-time, no doubt,...
 I tend to like Historical (period) films and g...
 There can be no worse criticism for a movie th...
 I liked this movie,,cute and funny.I found thi...
 i was very impressed with this production on l...
 When you see this movie you begin to realise w...
 Sorry if I disappoint anyone about what I am a...
 This movie wants to elaborate that criminals a...
 Waters's contribution to the world of cinema h...
 I'm not prone to ranting and my expectations w...
 I remember watching this film, thinking was so...
 Raising Victor Vargas is a movie you definitel...
 The movie was not a waste except for some bori...
 Like a lot of films from the early sounds days...
 Superman and the Mole Men is quite possibly Su...
 This movie should be shown to film school stud...
 I have watched quite a few Cold Case episodes ...
 This period melodrama is one of Griffith's ear...
 ...in our household. Like everyone else who ha...
 The acting is some of the worst I've ever seen...
 It's rare to see film that strikes out in ever...
 The episodic version of Robert Heinlein's Star...
 Disclaimer: During my ventures into foreign ci...
 UC 0079, the One Year War is almost at an end....
 When you pick a movie I hope one factor you wi...
 It's difficult to decide whether this movie su...
 This film got less attention than "League of T...
 I don't normally give movies a "1." Although I...
 I've seen this movie, when I was traveling in ...
 I was first introduced to John Waters films by...
 The first season told pretty much how all elem...
 I'm going to recommend putting this one in the...
 Six months after high-school sprinter Laura di...
 Just got into viewing program for the first ti...
 Once again, the posters lied to me.<br /><br /...
 This version of Anna Christie is in German. Gr...
 De Grønne slagtere or The Green Butchers as it...
 This is a great movie that everyone should see...
 There's only one thing I'm going to say about ...
 Dear Readers,<br /><br />With High Expectation...
 I never understood why some people dislike Bol...
 Only in the Hollywood audiovisual fiction worl...
 This is one of those unfortunate films that su...
 I picked this film up based on the plot summar...
 I normally have no problem walking away from a...
 Spencer Tracy and Katherine Hepburn would roll...
 A heartwarming film. The usual superb acting b...
 Ultra-grim crime drama from Pou-Soi Cheang, th...
 If I were to pitch this movie idea to some Hol...
 **MAJOR SPOILERS** Watchable only for the acti...
 This film brought a whole new meaning to that ...
 I have wanted to say this since I first saw th...
 Whenever I see most reviews it's called 'a mis...
 The reviewer in Variety said this was "overwri...
 I reflect back to the days when I held my boyf...
 In reviewing this film I can only go by my exp...
 Akin's prize-winning 2004 movie Head-On/Gegen ...
 Mario Racocevic from Europe is the only user w...
 Zero day has a purpose and this is not simply ...
 When I first saw "A Cry in the Dark", I had no...
 A young woman leaves her provincial life for a...
 Mel Gibson's Braveheart was a spectacularly ac...
 This was the second entry in the regular Colum...
 how can you take her hard-living, glamorously ...
 In Sri Lanka, a country divided by religion an...
 Not good. Mostly because you don't give a damn...
 Some time in the late 19th century, somewhere ...
 I've always enjoyed seeing Chuck Norris in fil...
 I've recently seen An zhan. Not because it was...
 Little Vera is the story of a Russian teenager...
 I remember seeing this at my local Blockbuster...
 A very engaging documentary about Scottish art...
 I saw this at the BendFilm Festival Friday ami...
 The Movie is not bad in itself...till you see ...
 A terrific, fast-paced screwball-like comic st...
 For anyone who wishes to get an impression of ...
 Yeah, that's right. If I were to ask my friend...
 The clichéd Polynesian males drink, fight and ...
 *MANY MANY SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW* This movie...
 Why am I so convinced there's actually another...
 Going into this I was expecting anything reall...
 Watchers is a fun movie if it's not taken too ...
 I am fifteen years old and have seen thirty-th...
 Surviving Christmas (2004) Ben Affleck, James ...
 I just saw "Eagle´s wing". I do not really kno...
 This movie surprised me! Not ever having heard...
 Overall, a well done movie. There were the par...
 And look how a true story, "... with a little ...
 Kill the scream queen may sound like a good sl...
 My teacher did this movie. It's a new beginnin...
 This movie is the first of Miikes triad societ...
 After watching Ingmar Bergman's Skammen, I had...
 The mind boggles at exactly what about Univers...
 This is another film where the cinematography ...
 It's been close to ten years since I've seen e...
 Eugene O'Neill's 4 and a half hour 1927 play b...
 The release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, in 1932, ca...
 "The Last Big Thing" is a wonderful satirical ...
 Don't get me wrong, I love the TV series of Le...
 This movie has everything you want from an act...
 I watched this show and i simply didn't find i...
 Michelle Rodrigez was made for this movie, whe...
 Ok so I was bored and I watched it all the way...
 !!!!! POSSIBLE SPOILER !!!!!<br /><br />You`d ...
 I have yet to see a film with Nolte in it that...
 Another comment about this film made it sound ...
 this dolph lundgren vehicle is a fun die hard ...
 Charles "Chic" Sales is absolutely terrific as...
 How do you know if a movie is good or not? It ...
 Story about three eclipse (maybe even Indigo, ...
 I watched this film, along with every other ad...
 "Kolchak" was a TV series that really didn't f...
 Some will say this movie is a guilty pleasure....
 I rented this movie because it falls under the...
 This film was bad because there was nothing in...
 When I first watched Flatliners, I was amazed....
 This was a funny movie. Just having seeing the...
 Obsessed!!!!! I have every season of Gilmore G...
 What attracts a man to military service? What ...
 A sexually obsessed chef leads a duplicitous l...
 I loved this film, the audience I was part of ...
 "Panic in the Streets" is a fairly unknown lit...
 Clossius says that "Baltic Storm" is banned in...
 This movie has inspired me to be a better pers...
 Shohei Imamaura's Black Rain was released in 1...
 A wonder. My favorite film. The most important...
 First off, anyone looking for meaningful "outc...
 I finally watched these episodes in 2008 and I...
 I would have to say this is a great movie. <br...
 The first season was great - good mix of the j...
 seriously what the hell was this movie about,,...
 This is a film exploring the female sexuality ...
 This movie tries hard, but completely lacks th...
 Worst movie on earth. I don't even know where ...
 The best Modesty Blaise movie I have seen so f...
 In the Hollywood west those trail hands were a...
 Those familiar with the two previous Cube film...
 I caught this Cuban film at at an arthouse fil...
 In the mountains of Japan, forlorn young artis...
 Coinciding with the start of the baby boom, th...
 I pretty much liked every character on this sh...
 This movie embodies the soul of modern "elite"...
 See Three Colors: Blue and Three Colors: White...
 ... or an audience. A quick recap....<br /><br...
 This movie is a little unusual in that it's go...
 Went to Wal-Mart and found this film on DVD an...
 Fantastic documentary of 1924. This early 20th...
 Low budget horror about an evil force. Hard to...
 Simply put, I was amazingly disappointed. I'm ...
 If you have enjoyed the Butterfly Effect, Donn...
 A recent re-issue of the French crime film (or...
 I've seen the previews everywhere before decid...
 This was a great movie with a good story. My c...
 Admittedly, I tuned into this in the hopes of ...
 I read a couple of good reviews on this board ...
 The legendary Boris Karloff ended his illustri...
 This is a gem. As a Film Four production - the...
 ~~I was able to see this movie yesterday morni...
 There are a lot of highly talented filmmakers/...
 THE ITALIAN is an astonishingly accomplished f...
 I was delighted to finally see the release of ...
 A toothsome little potboiler whose 65-minute l...
 The idea of young girl, who gets pregnant at t...
 This movie has been made by one of the most ab...
 I am frankly surprised how little has been don...
 SERIES 1<br /><br />As the UK eagerly awaits t...
 Laurence Olivier, Merle Oberon, Ralph Richards...
 When evaluating documentaries that focus a rel...
 I thought I was going to watch another Friday ...
 This is one of the best made movies from 2002....
 Yep. Those of my generation who grew up watchi...
 All i can say is that, i was expecting a wick ...
 this is really films outside (not in a motel r...
 Excellent film dealing with the life of an old...
 I know one is not supposed to comment on other...
 Seeing this movie always reminds me of what I ...
 The acting made you feel like you were watchin...
 I have to agree with all the previous commente...
 Until today I had never seen this film. Its wa...
 This is the first American film I have seen at...
 Somewhere, buried very deep inside this film i...
 This movie packs a punch. There are a few ever...
 Some people thought this was funny because the...
 It is said that David Lynch's films and shorts...
 The film begins with a dowdy housewife (Norma ...
 For the initial 20 minutes or so (I was watchi...
 One of the best TV shows out there, if not the...
 Joan Fontaine is swept off her feet by the sua...
 I've been a huge fan of the Cky videos, Jackas...
 Serious HOME ALONE/KARATE KID knock off with e...
 I LOVED this movie! I am biased seeing as I am...
 This movie deals with one of the most feared g...
 I consider this a breathtaking but deceptive f...
 The arrival of White Men in Arctic Canada chal...
 New York City houses one man above all others,...
 The Forgotten (AKA: Don't Look In The Basement...
 This UK psychological thriller is known in the...
 You know? Our spirit is based on that revoluti...
 Not sure I've ever seen a black comedy from De...
 The Evil Below starts on 'The Straits of San S...
 When I was at the movie store the other day, I...
 Drew Latham(Ben Affleck)is determined not to b...
 Beginning with the poster (featuring only Morg...
 I don't think anyone sitting down to view this...
 A warning to you not to be seduced by the name...
 Preposterous sequel stretches credibility to a...
 "The New Twenty" is one of the worst films I h...
 Guys and Dolls is a movie itching for a remake...
 Fatal Error is a really cool movie! Robert Wag...
 Seriously, I'm all for gooey romantic comedies...
 This is probably the best television show I've...
 The really sad thing is that this was supposed...
 The fact that this film was distributed free w...
 This is indeed a spectacularly bad film, but i...
 I enjoyed The Night Listener very much. It's o...
 This movie was yet another waste of time... Wh...
 "Western Union" is something of a forgotten cl...
 The original Australian Kath & Kim is brillian...
 The very first talking picture has returned fr...
 On the night of his bachelor party, Paul Colem...
 My family and I normally do not watch local mo...
 I am a lover of bad movies. I own "R.O.T.O.R."...
 'The Mother' is that extraordinary piece of fi...
 I was but a babe in arms when George Lucas was...
 I cringed when I heard the first canned laugh ...
 Earth Final Conflict began like a new world, a...
 Anyone who gives this movie less than 8 needs ...
 This movie is one of the worst movies I have e...
 For many years, Samuel Goldwin tried to bring ...
 After you have seen enough movies, there is ve...
 I cannot stand this show! Has there ever been ...
 Tweety is sent in his cage on a train by his o...
 Since I first saw Anchors Aweigh in 1945, view...
 By many accounts, Stu Ungar was not a very nic...
 all the acting done in the first season has be...
 In 1970, feminists invaded the 'Miss World' be...
 Having not seen the previous two in the trilog...
 I've never actually seen this film but can tel...
 Pauline Kael gave this movie a good review but...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS***<br /><br />This ...
 Yes, a tap dancing horror thriller........with...
 There is no reason to watch this film.<br /><b...
 this movie isn't that great...at all but it's ...
 I desperately need this on a tape, not a DVD, ...
 The stranger Jack (Matthew Lillard) arrives in...
 This is a superb film and was immediately put ...
 Oh boy! I really trashed Manhunt in Space. I t...
 Kevin Kline and Meg Ryan are among that class ...
 The only good thing about this unfunny dreck i...
 I went to see this with my wife and 3 yr old s...
 I have been wanting to see cut since the day i...
 If there's one genre that I've never been a fa...
 This movie makes a statement about Joseph Smit...
 There are many, many older movies that deserve...
 First of all, write the script on a napkin. Wh...
 Okay this is gona be short and sweet review......
 This is one of the periphery stories told by t...
 Opulent sets and sumptuous costumes well photo...
 Soderbergh is a fabulous director, but nothing...
 Sorry about the "extremely clever" summary phr...
 The Dinner Party could quite possibly be in my...
 At first glance, this film looks like the Keif...
 This move was on TV last night. I guess as a t...
 It's dreadful rubbish. I liked 'How Do You Wan...
 "I know I'm human. And if you were all these t...
 La Teta y la Luna is a symbolic spain film. Ev...
 This movie is a great way for the series to fi...
 When one considers that Carson McCullers is on...
 This film is one of the more risqué black and ...
 Sunday July 16, 8:00pm The Castro, San Francis...
 My wife and I enjoy bad science fiction movies...
 I must warn you, there are some spoilers in it...
 "The Notorious Bettie Page" (2005) <br /><br /...
 I saw this recently on a faded old VHS tape, a...
 Although I haven't seen it yet, I know that Ch...
 I'm surprised at the comments from posters sta...
 Barbra Streisand is a tour de force in this Ho...
 This movie had me going. The title was perhaps...
 the intention the directors has for this films...
 those people,who told me"this movie is good"-s...
 Not too bad entry in the series, heavily ladle...
 This program is really overrated. A detective ...
 As a young teenager at the time, Airwolf was c...
 I viewed the original Outer Limits in real tim...
 While thinking of "The Great Escape" I allowed...
 This movie was very funny with just a bit of g...
 Honestly, I don't really understand why there ...
 Given the subject matter of drug addiction Dow...
 This movie is hilarious. The problem is that i...
 Steve Biko was a black activist who tried to r...
 Storyline: Max von Sydow's voice-over narratio...
 I do miss the company Vestron, they sure had t...
 Most definitely the worst Columbo ever dreamt ...
 with a title like this, you know not to expect...
 You don't have to spend much time watching thi...
 Far richer in texture and character than even ...
 This film should be called adventures in Cinem...
 The premise for this movie is simple and so is...
 OK..you people need to settle down! This movie...
 I was surprised, "Once More, My Darling", had ...
 Dr Mordrid is terrifying. I would not recommen...
 This, for lack of a better term, movie is lous...
 For those of you who have no idea what Bug Jui...
 Upon renting this, I wasn't expecting to be bl...
 Eric Bogosian gives as great a performance as ...
 This film is enjoyable if you like poverty row...
 I saw this movie with low expectations and was...
 Sure, I like some indie films. A lot, actually...
 I'll get to the movie in a minute. First, some...
 Mike Judge's Idiocracy is an interesting film,...
 Episode No. thirteen of the fanciful (excuse t...
 My Take: A tired formula Christmas comedy. The...
 Taking over roles that Jack Albertson and Sam ...
 I was about thirteen when this movie came out ...
 Oh yeah! Jenna Jameson did it again! Yeah Baby...
 An elite American military team which of cours...
 This is probably the second best of the Death ...
 The true story of a bunch of junkies robbing a...
 This is only related to the first movie by the...
 HOLES is not your average Disney stuff- it's v...
 Sydney Lumet hasn't had a box office hit in 20...
 If you have a chance, see this Russian(how sho...
 The film, Heaven's Gate, was a good view, alth...
 Saw this film ran in the wee hours on TCM. Sev...
 After Harry Reems' teenage girlfriend is raped...
 Carla Gugino literally melts the screen in thi...
 question: how do you steal a scene from the ex...
 The first half hour of the movie had a steady ...
 First the premise stinks...little boy likes to...
 My friends and I have often joked about movies...
 I wish kids movies were still made this way; d...
 I find I enjoy this show, but the format needs...
 I dunno what the hype around this is... This i...
 Not even Timothy Hutton or David Duchovny coul...
 Supreme Sanction is a movie about a female ass...
 This rip off of the 1984 hit "Gremlins" is qui...
 I usually like period films but this one just ...
 I wanted so much to enjoy this movie. It moved...
 Many of the American people would say...What??...
 From the pen of Richard Condon (The Manchurian...
 One of the most common entries in the 'goofs' ...
 They prove that the cops, when they can't find...
 i'm not even sure what to say about this film....
 Jack, Sawyer and Sayid swim to the boat and fi...
 I generally won't review movies I haven't seen...
 Death Camp Opera: Right Here, Right Now!<br />...
 (David H. Steinberg)'s script seemed initially...
 It's hard to tell if Noonan and Marshall are t...
 I cant help it but i seem to like films that a...
 Unless you're interested in seeing 2 hours wor...
 With awful movies like this one being even con...
 I saw this film on True Movies (which automati...
 In this Dream-Come-True, I found myself loving...
 While many people found this film simply too s...
 This is one of the first and best Columbos, st...
 I have bought the DVD of this version to compa...
 An overblown melodrama typical of its period (...
 As a study of the frailties of human nature in...
 Incredible documentary captured all the frenzi...
 This film, released in 1951, has the usual ele...
 I liked this movie very much because it is a t...
 I seriously can't believe Tim Burton and Timur...
 This movie maked me cry at the end! I watch at...
 I sympathized with the plight of the first man...
 THE SCREAMING SKULL (1 outta 5 stars) This mov...
 Just imagine what school would have been like ...
 "Committed", as in Heather Graham being COMMIT...
 A couple of friends and myself visited the vid...
 Hybrid starts as water treatment planet securi...
 This is one of the best looking films of the p...
 I want to say that I went to this movie with m...
 I'm actually surprised at the amount of good r...
 The directors cut version, which was the one I...
 First off, I'm in the U.S.<br /><br />When I f...
 Bromwell High is nothing short of brilliant. E...
 "I fear you speak upon the rack, where men enf...
 The directing behind this film was fantastic f...
 I'd love to give Kolchak a higher rating but t...
 In fact, these young people were so distastefu...
 I stumbled across this film while channel surf...
 I had a VERY hard time sitting through this fi...
 While the movie has its flaws, it brings to li...
 In fact, parts of it I liked a lot. It had som...
 Ed Wood is rolling over in his grave. He could...
 a hilariously funny movie! of course u gotta h...
 Wow, pretty amazing that something this bad co...
 This movie was one of those movies where it co...
 This film fails on every count. For a start it...
 I guess if you are into the sci-fi and horror ...
 I would like to say that unlike many of the pe...
 From 1996, first i watched this movie, i feel ...
 When Stanwyck's husband-to-be is murdered on t...
 this movie is such a good movie shah ruck khan...
 This movie was the beatliest mormon movie made...
 Do the writers that conjure up these type of "...
 OK first of all the video looks like it was fi...
 Salvage: 4 out of 10. Groundhog Day meets a Ch...
 "Son you must stop the experiments I have star...
 This trio of 30-minute short films on gay-rela...
 I am a huge Gone With the Wind fan, and I read...
 This film is too skeletal. It's a fairly low-b...
 I saw this film on the History Channel today (...
 Looking for proof that real life is more enter...
 I saw this film when it first came out in 1978...
 First, This movie was made in 1978. So that te...
 Just like most people, I couldn't wait to see ...
 This is one of the funniest movies I have seen...
 Cute and playful, but lame and cheap. 'Munchie...
 I happened upon this flick on a rainy Sunday, ...
 I can't really think of any redeeming features...
 I recently watched this movie because I'm a bi...
 This film is absolutely awful, but nevertheles...
 With lots of sunshine, gauzy light and shadow ...
 This movie is one of the worst movie i have ev...
 Antonioni's movies have aged not well. What al...
 This is not "direct cinéma", as a matter of fa...
 Poor Jane Austen. This dog of a production doe...
 This is the definitive movie version of Hamlet...
 The film is a great watch very thoughtful.I be...
 While watching BLACKWATER VALLEY EXORCISM, I e...
 One of those films that I happened across thro...
 This is a little-seen anti-war film that has b...
 Just get it. The DVD is cheap and easy to come...
 Honestly, I was disappointed in "Expiration Da...
 Oh boy! Oh boy! On the cover of worn out VHS h...
 Sorry Randy. I love your comedy but in this ca...
 I'll be short and to the point. This movie was...
 I chose to see this movie because it got a goo...
 **SPOILERS** Extremely brutal police drama set...
 Walt Disney's "The Rookie" is based on the sto...
 I went to see this a few days ago, and it's ha...
 This movie should go down in the annals of fie...
 This is another of the many B minus movies tag...
 Mona the vagabond lives on the fringes of Fren...
 Well, here we have a zombie movie that perhaps...
 Decent but overrated dramatic thriller, film a...
 If you like occasional nudity with junior high...
 I found this movie at a XXX store for $1 on VH...
 I agree with Andy, this is a good movie. Kevin...
 I saw this film on the same night I saw 6 othe...
 Jackie Chan's Police Story is a landmark film ...
 Houseboat Horror is a great title for this fil...
 Hellraiser: Bloodline is only a so-so film. I ...
 Just kidding! This was one of the worst movies...
 This movie has some of the worst acting that I...
 I thought this was a very clunky, uninvolving ...
 I watch this movie all the time. I've watched ...
 Despite being a huge fan of Fred Astaire and G...
 Too bad somebody did not have the smarts to re...
 The storyline was okay. Akshay Kumar was good ...
 This film is about a grieving wife who lost he...
 This is actually great fun. I really enjoyed i...
 this short film trailer is basically about Sup...
 Madhur Bhandarkar directs this film that is su...
 Committed doom and gloomer Peter Watkins goes ...
 In America, the Jewish Jonathan Safran Foer (E...
 I am a big fan of sci-fi movies. So, when I sa...
 Interesting film about an actual event that to...
 Wow! What a movie if you want to blow your bud...
 The only redeeming quality of this film is the...
 What can I say about a movie as bad as this? T...
 As much as 'The Beginning' showed that we're s...
 The most obvious flaw...horrible, horrible scr...
 With the sun shining brilliantly on a quiet Su...
 This one tends to get slighted by a lot of cri...
 this movie is simply amazing.. unfortunately i...
 The best thing about the movie is the name, as...
 Once the slow beginning gets underway, the fil...
 Dragon Hunters has to be the best-looking anim...
 It's remarkable that for 'Young Mr. Lincoln's'...
 This is a well made informative film in the ve...
 This movie is utterly hilarious. Its cast clic...
 this film really tries to hard. if your going ...
 For me this is a story that starts with some f...
 Quality entertainment all around. The spectacl...
 I watched Written on The Wind starring Rock Hu...
 I thought Nick Gomez's look at the gritty stre...
 I saw 2:37 at the Toronto International Film F...
 If you want a horrible interpretation of "MacB...
 This is a rotten movie.The cast seem to know j...
 In this forgettable trifle, the 40-ish Norma S...
 Maybe this was *An Important Movie* and that's...
 The humor is non-existent in this loser of a m...
 I am a big fan a Faerie Tale Theatre and I've ...
 Having endured this film last night, I turned ...
 For romantic comedies, I often judge the quali...
 The latest film by the Spanish director Agusti...
 I just watched this movie and have to say, I w...
 Twelve Monkeys is an insane time-travelling, a...
 It definitely fits the time period as the Axis...
 This move is slow, plodding, cold, dark, and w...
 This movie is from the 80s, but it looks like ...
 This film is not at all as bad as some people ...
 I remember seeing this years ago when it first...
 Just caught "The Rain People" on Turner Classi...
 "A little nonsense now and then, is cherished ...
 I absolutely loved this movie. It met all expe...
 Red Sonja is a career-step-in-the-wrong-direct...
 "An album of songs so old everyone thinks they...
 Michelle, Anicée Alvina, was so nice, and I re...
 When the remake of When A Stranger Calls was o...
 I also saw The Last Stop at the Moving Picture...
 In April 1947, New York City faced an epidemic...
 It would help to know why it took so long for ...
 OK so I hear about this new Justin Timberlake ...
 How bad can you make a film. A good question w...
 Greetings from this Portuguese guy :)<br /><br...
 This movie was so unrelentingly bad, I could h...
 And she really was beautiful (Laraine Day, tha...
 According to the blurb on the back of the DVD ...
 The story is about a little girl growing up in...
 In Theodore Rex poor Whoopi Goldberg is set up...
 Whattt was with the sound? It sounded like it ...
 They just don't make cartoons like they used t...
 Universal studios. The name conjures up so man...
 I hope we never become to cynical as a society...
 My favorite movie. What a great story this rea...
 This is the only movie that I can think of whe...
 If there is one thing to recommend about this ...
 "Unconditional Love" starts with great promise...
 Anupam Kher is an excellent actor, he debuted ...
 From start to finish, I laughed real hard thro...
 I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses and I also wor...
 Tom Clancy uses "Alesandr Nevsky" in his book ...
 Given the chance to write, direct and star in ...
 This is a great film Classic from the 40's and...
 A few things to touch on as a response to the ...
 Usually when BBC releases a TV series one is u...
 Wow, I forgot how great this movie was until I...
 It seems no matter what I see her in, Christin...
 This is the first film of the Horrorfest I hav...
 I agree with all the accolades, I went through...
 "Zabriskie Point" (1970): This was especially ...
 The plot of Corpse Grinders 2 is very much sim...
 Anyone who thinks this film has not been appre...
 THE HAND OF DEATH most definitely rates a ten ...
 ===minor spoilers=== <br /><br />I am, like ma...
 No reason to bother renting this flick. From t...
 I can't believe I actually bought this movie! ...
 Spoilers!! Bruce Willis, the part-time Comic a...
 I read that "There's a Girl in My Soup" came o...
 Being too young to have experienced the Hammer...
 Comment this movie is impossible. Is terrible,...
 I haven't reviewed anything on here for quite ...
 Paul Naschy made a great number of horror film...
 Back in 1997, do I remember that year: Clinton...
 Would someone tell shaq to stick to what he is...
 what a shame our first movie is so bad ..........
 This movie should be retitled: Sex in the 70s ...
 I go to blockbuster, pick out a random movie, ...
 I live in Salt Lake City and I'm not a Mormon,...
 Well This was a complete waste of celluloid. T...
 I don't know how this DVD made its way into my...
 The title says it all. "Tail Gunner Joe" was a...
 I just watched this movie at the Santo Domingo...
 I'm intrigued by the strong sense of favour to...
 - The movie opens with a meteor crashing into ...
 In the New Year's Eve, the tuberculous sister ...
 It starts slowly, showing the dreary lives of ...
 This, the finest achievement from Georg Wilhel...
 I knew this would be one of the worst movies I...
 This movie is phoniness incarnate, a straight ...
 This movie had great production values, good l...
 When the new Outer Limits first started, the e...
 OK, so the Oscars seem to get hyped just a lit...
 Flatland is one of my favorite books, thus I w...
 Interesting idea and storyline which didn't qu...
 THE ASCENT is a very worthwhile addition to re...
 A nice Shirely Temple short. Child actors scre...
 I like to think of myself as a bad movie conno...
 This is the second and best in the Hunting Tri...
 This movie is about a man who likes to blow hi...
 The monster will look very familiar to you. So...
 The Unseen is done in a style more like old Ho...
 Out of these Pokemon films (which are in order...
 Agree that this was one of the best episodes o...
 It is first and foremost a chick flick, it is ...
 I think "Rosemary's Baby" is the most overrate...
 I was looking forward to watching this movie, ...
 Having heard so many people raving about this ...
 I'm just filling this comment out, because I c...
 "National Lampoon Goes to the Movies" (1981) i...
 What has hurt this film is everyone and their ...
 This is my favourite Indian movie of all time....
 "Tale of Two Sisters" has to be one of the cre...
 This is one of the worst films I've ever seen....
 That is no criticism of the film, but rather a...
 Moving beyond words is this heart breaking sto...
 When Jurassic Park first came out, it was revo...
 Two years ago I watched "The Matador" in cinem...
 Director Brian Yuzna has had an uneven career ...
 I've now seen this one about 10 times, so ther...
 Robert De Niro, Cuba Gooding Jr., Hal Holbrook...
 Spoilers will be in this. The movie could have...
 Like most people I love "A Christmas Story". I...
 A SUPERMAN Cartoon<br /><br />A huge shipment ...
 I was surprised and impressed to find out this...
 As a physics student, I've become aware of man...
 "Washington Square" is a flat, shabby adaptati...
 Brilliant kung-fu scenes, loads of melodrama, ...
 He seems to be a control freak. I have heard h...
 Good grief I can't even begin to describe how ...
 Welsh poet Dylan Thomas excused from serving i...
 This is the most boring worthless piece of cra...
 Jake Speed is a film that lacks one thing  a ...
 We expected something great when we went to se...
 Once again a film classic has been pointlessly...
 It infuriates me no end that, now and forever,...
 I had watched this on Italian TV as a kid and ...
 The secret is...this movie blows. Sorry, but i...
 i expected something different:more passion,dr...
 I'll say this to begin with:...Why, oh why, ca...
 So many films are now in a Genre described as ...
 Down To Earth is the best movie!!! It is SO fu...
 This movie is a 90 minute Ramones concert with...
 Today, I visited an Athenean Cinema with my tw...
 Phew--I don't what to say. This is a film that...
 I kept waiting for this film to improve, but, ...
 i checked this one out on DVD for a dollar so ...
 After reading the book, I loved the story. Wat...
 Gymkata is without a doubt one of the worst mo...
 It opens with your cliche overly long ship fly...
 In the animated series: <br /><br />Aeon Flux ...
 A great movie. The movie was even better then ...
 The first review I saw of this on IMDB says th...
 Talented detective Mr. Philo Vance (William Po...
 I love ghost stories in general, but I PARTICU...
 Italian soft X Exorcist clone.<br /><br />Woma...
 Sorry, I just didn't find the subject matter a...
 For those of you who are not aware with the th...
 First of all, I personally adore Demons and De...
 This is an excellent film, and is the sort of ...
 This film has absolutely no redeeming features...
 I thought this was a very daring representatio...
 Oh man! This series has to be the worst possib...
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I wa...
 I first saw this in the 70s on syndicated TV a...
 I decided to write a comment on this amazing m...
 John Huston, actor and director better known f...
 totally genius film from the CKY crew......(no...
 Alexandre Aja's remake of The Hills Have Eyes ...
 Marvelous cult film from 1979 in which the stu...
 Not a film of entertainment, but of real lives...
 If ever there was a film that can be considere...
 This game was really great and quite a challen...
 sammo has to have a 10 out of 10 for this movi...
 30 seconds into the opening credits, I had thi...
 While I agree completely with drvn below about...
 at first i thought 'nasaan ka man' might be on...
 I'm 15, usually not kids my age usually watch ...
 Talk about marketing. The poster/home video co...
 I think the deal with this movie is that it ha...
 I saw this movie not knowing anything about it...
 Is it just me or is that kid really annoying?<...
 This movie is funny and suitable for any age. ...
 Navy Seals is an ignorant, racist and complace...
 Wow! I just don't even know where to begin wit...
 It does seem like this film is polarizing us. ...
 At first I didn't didn't like it that much, al...
 The title of this obscure and (almost righteou...
 Well, I've read the book first and thought: wo...
 This is a masterpiece footage in B/W 35mm film...
 When I am watching a film, I am aware that it ...
 I got interested in this movie because somebod...
 This is a great movie, a must own. I really li...
 MINOR SPOILERS!<br /><br />Well i just sat up ...
 Finally, I can connect the dots between Return...
 The Secret of Kells is a film I've been waitin...
 Great piece of fiction played as if factual. T...
 Although this show has been off the air since ...
 As an early representation of the turmoil of t...
 Black guy becomes rich white guy, and rich whi...
 Christina Raines plays a lovely model in New Y...
 John Travolta was excellent as "Michael" in th...
 As it turns out, Chris Farley and David Spade ...
 This is not a "loose", but a precise, faithful...
 College student Alex Gardner (Nicholas Celozzi...
 Being an Elvis fan, I can't understand how thi...
 As I was watching it, I was getting ready to c...
 ...let me count the ways.<br /><br />1. A titl...
 So this made for TV film scores only a 7.6 on ...
 "I Love New York" is another entry by VH-1 (MT...
 I would have liked to put 0.5 but unfortunatel...
 I don't go for that many "heist" comedies, and...
 Although Cinderella isn't the obvious choice f...
 Very enjoyable 50's Western. I have it in my c...
 One of the things that interested me most abou...
 The finest short I've ever seen. Some commenta...
 Two years passed and mostly everyone looks dif...
 I've always thought that most huge box-office ...
 I have to say that I haven't expected that thi...
 Jodie Foster, Cherie Currie (the former lead s...
 Matthew Aldrich. This is a name worthy of reme...
 There may be spoilers!<br /><br />Charlie Fine...
 A talented high school graduating senior with ...
 Kurt Russell (as Steven Post) works as a mail-...
 Michael Caton-Jones's Scottish period piece be...
 Do you know that they want to escavate the Moo...
 If it wasn't for the performances of Barry Dia...
 Do we really need any more narcissistic garbag...
 This movie displayed more racial hatred of Jew...
 I saw this film at the Adelaide Film Festival ...
 When the film started I got the feeling this w...
 Compared to the acclaimed Hollywood remake, th...
 By God, it's been a long time since I saw this...
 Koen Wouters is a flemish singer and presenter...
 This film is great with some of the best songs...
 "That 'Malcom' show on FOX is really making a ...
 When I was 8 years old, and going through my M...
 I rented this film when my girlfriend was away...
 This interesting film noir features three very...
 "Dolemite" is the touching story of Dolemite (...
 I just want To say that this movie was excelle...
 "Strike Force" or "The Librarians" is a fun ac...
 This really is a great movie. Some of the song...
 I know what you're saying, "Oh man, Pinochio i...
 Deep Sea 3D is a stunning insight in to an und...
 I first watched this movie in Istanbul Film Fe...
 He who fights with monsters might take care le...
 I'm a male, not given to women's movies, but t...
 Awful, Awful, Awful show. "Real world" issues ...
 I like action movies. I have a softspot for "B...
 It begins on a nice note only to falter quickl...
 Aardman does it again. Next to Pixar, Aardman ...
 This movie made me laugh so much. It was a blo...
 Just don't bother. I thought I would see a mov...
 Be careful with this one. Once you get yer mit...
 Chili Palmer is tired of doing movies and know...
 Following is a little-known 1998 British film,...
 Dark Angel is a cross between Huxley's Brave N...
 This is the kind of movie that's so extremely ...
 This film IS brilliant...... without a doubt. ...
 This is one of the most guilty pleasure movies...
 Loved this movie! Kicking it old school! Love ...
 A charming boy and his mother move to a middle...
 Chris Smith's American Movie is an insightful ...
 This is an excellent anime movie. It is well a...
 I never met a single person (out of hundreds) ...
 I have absolutely no knowledge of author Phill...
 I have certainly not seen all of Jean Rollin's...
 This film is right up there with The Oscar and...
 When I first saw this I thought bits of it wer...
 This is a true "feel-good" movie, full of genu...
 I don't know what some people were thinking wh...
 As someone else commented, this is a feel-good...
 I thought of this movie when i watched pluto n...
 I've seen some Bible-based trash. This one top...
 In the mid-1930s Hollywood was regaining its c...
 While Urban Cowboy did not ooze with the same ...
 Hobgoblins is a very cheap and badly done Grem...
 this movie is funny funny funny my favorite qu...
 If your a child of the 80's and have not seen ...
 I bought this while I was playing chess in Has...
 A horrible, horrible, horrible film. I saw the...
 Dark Angel is a futuristic sci-fi series, set ...
 Out to Sea was a great movie. I expected comed...
 This is a superb game for the N64 with superb ...
 Each year the company called Nu produces coupl...
 If there's one word I can associate to this mo...
 After mob boss Vic Moretti (late great Anthony...
 The Human Tornado is a campy 70's Blaxploitati...
 In a style reminiscent of the best of David Le...
 This show is perhaps one of the most boring, m...
 This is a fantasy movie for kids based on the ...
 "Pandora's Clock" is a gripping suspense/thril...
 "National Lampoon Goes to the Movies" (1981) i...
 I have seen a lot of movies in my life, but no...
 "I moved out here to get away from this kind o...
 Pacino, and Maconadump really hit the mark wit...
 I really wanted to like this film, but so much...
 I remember that the trailer for Legend of Zu w...
 This is really a very bad movie. Why? First of...
 Imagine The Big Chill with a cast of twenty-so...
 Marlene Dietrich is magnificent as Concha Pere...
 This movie really starts strong. We know that ...
 I would just like to state that this may be bi...
 I thought it would at least be aesthetically b...
 "Triumph of Love" is proof that not every Comé...
 For Anthony Mann the Western was 'legend'- and...
 This is seriously the worst movie I have ever ...
 Director Edward Montagne does in a little more...
 Battleship Potemkin is a celluloid masterpiece...
 This is a very intriguing short movie by David...
 Well, what can I say having just watched this ...
 If you haven't seen Eva Longoria from the TV s...
 I wish there were more films about middle aged...
 Another outstanding foreign film which thoroug...
 Jiøí Trnka made his last animated short an ind...
 Rarely will anyone deny that Hitchcock remains...
 I thought this was an awesome movie. The theme...
 Five years after the original Creepshow, anoth...
 I watched, entranced and mesmerized, by the vo...
 I thought maybe... maybe this could be good. A...
 Barney is just awful. As many of the other rev...
 While it's early to say how the series will ev...
 If you are a fan of really bad movies, and you...
 There have been many people that have tried to...
 Creepy & lascivious wolf. The young "Red" is w...
 This eloquent, simple film makes a remarkably ...
 This has got to be the worst show I have ever ...
 Even if you're a fan of Jean Rollin's idiosync...
 Cuore Sacro combines glossy film effects with ...
 Valeria, an elegant and pretty young lady live...
 I don't understand what the big hype was about...
 The quintessential housewife and perfect mothe...
 "Cinema is the ultimate pervert art. It doesn'...
 I enjoyed this movie. Unlike like some of the ...
 After looking for this Bruceploitation for mon...
 Running only seventy-two minutes, this small, ...
 I'd never heard of this movie, but boy was I s...
 This is absolutely the dumbest movie I've ever...
 So boring you'll fall asleep after the 20 firs...
 Obviously made to show famous 1950s stripper M...
 I would just like to say, that no matter how l...
 When I first saw this movie, it was titled TER...
 While the David Lynch version of Dune is chopp...
 You've gotta hand it to Steven Seagal: whateve...
 with that, carry the same dark weaknesses we a...
 Hitchcock's original classic benefited tremend...
 Yes, Be My Love was Mario Lanza's skyrocket to...
 This was the best Muppet movie I've seen ever!...
 The reason why this movie isn't any better kno...
 The Unborn is a very, very different film. Jam...
 Paul (Jason Lee) is an underachiever who just ...
 The movie starts out with some scrolling text ...
 Worst movie, (with the best reviews given it) ...
 I can get over the political parody; even if t...
 This is,in short,the TV comedy series with the...
 In the year 2006, "In Cold Blood"-a riveting t...
 Ride with the Devil, like Ang Lee's later Brok...
 I rented "New Best Friend" hoping for a movie ...
 I attended a screening of "Fierce People" at t...
 Intriguing premise should have been a 20 minut...
 This movie was really well written and was ver...
 I've seen most of Ryuhei Kitamura's work and I...
 I watched this movie on march 21 this year.Mus...
 If you're looking for an accurate portrayal of...
 I really thought this wasn't that bad. Not a g...
 Definitely at the top five of best John Garfie...
 I really wanted to like this film for all sort...
 Wes Craven has been created a most successful ...
 "Marathon" has a very interesting premise, exc...
 There is a fantastic song in Killjoy 2 that go...
 This, unfortunately, is a little-known film......
 First of all, let me just say that after watch...
 I don't believe I've seen a horror movie this ...
 "What's his name?" "Loudon." "Loudon what?" "C...
 Dr Stephens (Micheal Harvey) runs a mental asy...
 OK this movie was really "unique" shall we say...
 It is one of the best of Stephen Chow. I give ...
 This movie has been promoting in everywhere in...
 I think that Never Been Kissed was a totally a...
 Being a music student myself, I thought a movi...
 This movie seems as if someone had a cute idea...
 Made after QUARTET was, TRIO continued the qua...
 I wasn't entirely sure what to expect from a C...
 The Secret Fury, in many ways a run-of-the-mil...
 As I write this, no user reviews are in yet, b...
 Fatal Contact: Bird Flu in America: 3 out of 1...
 Your average garden variety psychotic nutcase ...
 I saw the film at the Belgrade Film Festival l...
 Martino, a young teacher in the island of Elba...
 Don't waste your time. The plot drags, the cha...
 If you can get past the slow start and bad act...
 For all of us American Deneuve fans, this litt...
 Dooohhh! My Bwainn Hurrrts! Well it certainly ...
 1st watched 8/7/2004 - 3 out of 10(Dir-Brett T...
 A great look at the 60s through the eyes of fo...
 For the life of me I can not understand the bl...
 I came across this movie on TV. I hadn't heard...
 My wife and I watched this after DVR'ing it of...
 ....Rather well done, actually--attack the evi...
 EPSILON, a.k.a. ALIEN VISITOR, is not what I e...
 This was an excellent movie with good acting a...
 Robert Montgomery-Myrna Loy farce about Loy (I...
 The first thing I wanted to do after watching ...
 even though this movie is quite old, no matter...
 I watched the trailer on the DVD after seeing ...
 This movie was difficult for me to watch. Stan...
 This Harold Lloyd short wasn't really much; no...
 I'm desperately trying to stay awake while wat...
 I was subjected to this terrible excuse for a ...
 Stewart Kane (Gabriel Byrne, VANITY FAIR) head...
 I have to give this movie a 4 because of a cou...
 I could only get through about 25 mins of it. ...
 I, for one, absolutely loved this movie.<br />...
 This one is a real stinker.<br /><br />The sto...
 A real insult to the original "Spoorloos", whi...
 * Firstly, although many say it is the worst o...
 When I sat down to watch 'Largo Winch' I expec...
 The Child's Play series isn't a favourite of m...
 This blaxploitation classic about a kung fu ma...
 What a great film! I never knew much about Bud...
 Intelligent summary, isn't it?<br /><br />If M...
 Jack Bender's "The Tempest" is an adaption of ...
 After watching this movie, I have nothing but ...
 Roger Spottiswoode isn't the worst director, a...
 Action & Adventure.Billie Clark is twenty year...
 SO good, the acting, cutting, directing in the...
 I, also having endured hundreds of children's ...
 I had no background knowledge of this movie be...
 This was not enjoyable to watch. Frank puts al...
 Where to begin? How about with the erroneous s...
 I still wonder why I watched this movie. Admit...
 The movie shocked me. Personally i had herd mo...
 I second the motion to make this into a movie,...
 End of Days, starts off pretty well, Arnie pla...
 There is no doubt that Halloween is by far one...
 This "film" is the culmination of everything t...
 This is a wonderful family sitcom. Rowan Atkin...
 Okay, so it was never going to change the worl...
 This movie has always been a favorite of mine ...
 great mystery, but the film goes down hill fro...
 I love Claire Danes, and Kate Beckinsale looks...
 Being a "Wallace and Gromit-fan", I was lookin...
 'Northfork' is what is wrong with indie films....
 Dear dear dear dear dear...me! I had the stren...
 This apocalyptic zombie film tries to be vicio...
 Darr (1993) was an incredible movie. In my opi...
 This has been one of my favorite movies for a ...
 I would bet a month's salary "The Magnificent ...
 This movie is AWFUL. I haven't laughed so hard...
 First off, I knew nothing about 'Mazes and Mon...
 I learned much from previous viewer reactions....
 Recap: Zandalee is a young woman that feels mo...
 This is an extremely competent movie technical...
 I don't see that much wrong with this movie. G...
 Overrated and only for those people in their 2...
 First off, the initial concept of a lost fortu...
 I own a copy of this film and have always love...
 The first few minutes showing the cold and cru...
 Read a biography of the late George C. Scott a...
 I like the movie. Twisted Desire had Jeremy Jo...
 By watching this film you will not only explor...
 I LOVE this movie....one of my all-time favori...
 As far as Asian horror goes, I have seen my sh...
 I just watched Descent. Gawds what an awful mo...
 First things first, the female lead is too gor...
 I really like this movie. I like it not just b...
 I first viewed "They Died With There Boots On"...
 I'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say I ...
 I saw Dark Harbor at the '98 Seattle Film Fest...
 "The Cat's Meow" contains a few scenes that bo...
 SPOILERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<br />...
 I watched "9 souls" in Athens' 12th Internatio...
 The French film "Extension Du Domaine De La Lu...
 the town of Royston Vasey is a weird, but wond...
 I wish it were "Last Dumb Thriller". But thril...
 I saw it last week and the sketch about the Ko...
 Superman II - The Richard Donner Cut should be...
 John Boorman's "Deliverance" concerns four sub...
 Well unlike most people.... I went into this m...
 This movie isn't very good. It's boring, and n...
 This is the best comedy period. It is so under...
 Acidic, unremitting, and beautiful, John Schle...
 Well, they say nymphomania leaves you unsatisf...
 Horrible, Horrible, Horrible do not waste your...
 29 Sept 1990 marked a small but important mile...
 I can't believe the amount of reviewers who pr...
 This show is quick-witted, colorful, dark yet ...
 Have to disagree with people saying that this ...
 We sought out this hard-to-find VHS after watc...
 i must say this movie is truly amazing and hea...
 In my opinion, this is one of the greatest mov...
 An excellent series, masterfully acted and dir...
 Don't get me wrong this was fun to watch. It h...
 Stephanie Meyer is going to be so ticked! Now,...
 What can I say about this film that won't give...
 Watched this on DVD in original language with ...
 I really loved it although while reading the r...
 This is a direct sequel to 'The Mummy's Hand' ...
 The story has little to do with Jack London's ...
 I am a happily married 49 year old female, who...
 This has been one of the best vampire movies t...
 When I saw this movie first, it was long ago o...
 The whole movie seemed to suffer from poor edi...
 Mario Lanza, of course, is "The Great Caruso" ...
 This movie was one of the worst I've ever seen...
 the 25th hour was a movie i just chanced upon....
 I must say that I didn't expect much sitting d...
 First of all for this movie I just have one wo...
 One of the classic low budget 70's movies, thi...
 It is a rare occasion when I want to see a mov...
 This is one of the funniest movies that I have...
 In film, I feel as though it should be more th...
 I am proud to say I own an uncut copy of this ...
 This might not have been as horribly bad as it...
 This was the biggest disappointment of a movie...
 The Ring was made from the only screenplay Hit...
 The poor DVD video quality is the only reason ...
 This highly derivative film will be entertaini...
 I do not want to go into a criticism of the mo...
 This is the first time I have commented on a f...
 "Let's Bowl" started out on local television i...
 The sole reason for someone wanting to see thi...
 Wow, this was a real stinker. This early sci-f...
 I don't know if this is a sitcom or not, but I...
 CAUTION: SPOILERS<br /><br />Although this fil...
 This movie masquerades as a social commentary,...
 I was wondering when someone would try turning...
 "Journey to the Far Side of the Sun" (aka "Dop...
 As a big Jim Carey fan I took my seat in the c...
 "A scientist discovers signals from space that...
 A labor of love. Each frame is picture perfect...
 RKO had a reputation for making folksy, homesp...
 Director Otto Preminger reunites with his Laur...
 First at all: If you like watching movies I re...
 (aka: BLOOD CASTLE or SCREAM OF THE DEMON)<br ...
 I don't think most of us would tend to apply t...
 Seldom do I give up on a movie without seeing ...
 I don't care if this show is suppose to be com...
 I was laying in bed, flicking through the chan...
 I recently watched this again and there's anot...
 This show is not in my opinion, good,Then agai...
 Watching this again recently, I found it heart...
 Simple-minded but good-natured drive-in movie ...
 I really wanted to like this film, but the sto...
 I grew up watching this movie ,and I still lov...
 Hitokiri (which translates roughly as "assassi...
 Murder By Numbers is one of those movies that ...
 "Kolchak: the Night Stalker" is a hugely enter...
 If you want to learn the basics of quantum mec...
 The people of my generation and those who are ...
 Why is it that everyone who has seen this movi...
 During the 1990's, several attempts have been ...
 this is a terrible, terrible film!!!!!!!!!<br ...
 This film could well have been one of those or...
 The film is poorly casted, except for some fam...
 The original "Psycho" (1960) is widely conside...
 This is a better than average silent movie and...
 How you could say that Peaches, with its compl...
 The Gilmore girls is about a mother who had a ...
 supposedly based on the life of Domino Harvey ...
 Audrey, I know you truly cherish your husband ...
 It starts out looking like it may be going som...
 I can only guess that this movie was an experi...
 I kind of liked the film, it's just that the c...
 Well, I like to be honest with all the audienc...
 I was lucky enough to get to see this film man...
 Two years ago, on Berlin Film Festival we watc...
 No! no - No - NO! My entire being is revolting...
 I just wanted to say that I am watching Nation...
 Don't get me wrong. I've got a considerable so...
 do not ever watch this film...it is the bigges...
 THE PROTECTOR. You hear the name. You think, "...
 the only word that sums up this movie is quirk...
 I have to agree with Cal-37 it's a great movie...
 Spoilers... if such a thing is possible... . ....
 Welcome to movie 17 on the chilling classics 5...
 Saw this as part of the DC Reel Affirmations F...
 Larry Burrows has the distinct feeling he's mi...
 This is a smart drama about the way of life in...
 Once in a while one come across a movie that f...
 Told in flashback, the film opens in 1989 with...
 What on earth was that? My family and I just w...
 I'm accustomed to being patient with films bec...
 I heard about this movie when watching VH1's "...
 This documentary is the most hypnotizing film ...
 Before starting to watch the show, I've heard ...
 This movie is a mystery. It's not scary, it's ...
 It has a great name, but thats it and you wont...
 Whether it's a good movie or not, films of thi...
 Having seen "Triumph of the Will," I can only ...
 Eaten Alive is a little film that opens in New...
 This was filmed back-to-back with the 1992 re-...
 This was another one of those shows that I wat...
 This was a typical grade B movie in 1940s Holl...
 I can't come up with appropriate enough words ...
 Wave after wave of directionless nausea - this...
 This is the best series of its type I've seen ...
 Solo is an action movie about a Terminator-lik...
 I think that New York Times film critic Elvis ...
 When I first saw this film in cinema 11 years ...
 "Driving Lessons" sees two middle class quinte...
 Well, I have to admit that this movie brought ...
 I gave this movie a 10 simply out of my sick o...
 Why a stupid, boring, crappy overrated film se...
 Over the years I've watched this movie many ti...
 OK this will contain spoilers. Now I have neve...
 Historical drama is one of the areas where the...
 I have watch this movie almost every night tha...
 This story was probably one of the most powerf...
 Story of an ex-Navy Seal who is now a combat m...
 Last fall (of 2001), I took a film class that ...
 I was required to watch the movie for my work,...
 A grade-Z horror filmmaker Carl Monson was one...
 Certainly any others I have seen pale in compa...
 This is an amazing movie and is very clever at...
 This was the funniest piece of film/tape I hav...
 The brilliance of this story delivers at least...
 This is a good movie, I won't go into any deta...
 I'm easily entertained. I enjoyed "Hot Shots" ...
 Dolph Lundgren broods and scowls his way throu...
 I have watched this movie time and time and ti...
 Oh God, Why? I am aghast at the sheer ineptitu...
 This is one of the best military films ever ma...
 This was a painful example of a cheap, boring ...
 The worst movie I have seen since Tera Jadoo C...
 Unfortunately, SpaceCamp came out about the sa...
 I suppose that in 1997 Hollywood wasn't quite ...
 I rented this tape a couple of years ago, and ...
 Save some very early Norris, "Breaker, Breaker...
 If ever a potential movie must've sounded like...
 Of the many problems with this film, the worst...
 Disney's Buena Vista Pictures presents a wonde...
 I downloaded this movie yesterday through an i...
 I just saw this movie tonight. Coming into it ...
 Although there were a few rough spots and some...
 The competition for the worst Warner Bros Kay ...
 The director, outfitted in chains and leather,...
 Bad movie for sure. It's such a ridiculous fan...
 I rented this movie tonight because it looked ...
 This agreeable French movie deals about a mill...
 First off, I didn't know what to expect when I...
 From what I understand, Mr. Bava abandoned thi...
 Another laughably lame and senseless low-budge...
 Bit of a curate's egg, this one. I started off...
 The Battle at Elderbrush Gulch was Griffith's ...
 ...said a couple exiting the movie theater jus...
 Reading web sites on Bette Davis one can find ...
 After watching "Waco: The Rules of Engagement"...
 For me it's a case you'll never understand if ...
 I was blown away by the re-imagined Battlestar...
 This is undoubtedly the most harrowing black-a...
 Boogie Nights is perhaps one of the greatest e...
 A woman asks for advice on the road to reach a...
 My dad had this movie as an 8mm reel. I loved ...
 I admit, having come of age in the hippie-dipp...
 Man, I had my doubts. I love Kathy Bates, but ...
 I first didn't want to watch this film, for th...
 Snow White, which just came out in Locarno, wh...
 One of the finest musicals made, one that is t...
 Magnolia presents itself as a wall to wall can...
 There's more to offer in the opening of The Od...
 To suggest Anton Newcombe of the Brian Jonesto...
 I thought this would be funny. I did. I don't ...
 You can survive Surviving Christmas. I thought...
 I debated quite a bit over what rating to give...
 Pointless and pretty silly film that is just b...
 I get really fed up with sitcoms; you feel you...
 How on earth can you have such fantastic actor...
 One of Alfred Hitchcock's three greatest films...
 Watched this French horror film last night and...
 There have been "race" pictures almost from th...
 Over the weekend i watched the movie Tipping t...
 THE STUDENT NURSES is not a typical sexploitat...
 Weak plot, unlikely car malfunction, and helpl...
 What an appalling piece of rubbish!!! Who ARE ...
 I rate movies on this site all the time, but I...
 That was one of the worst movies I've ever see...
 'Blade' would be an extremely above-average co...
 I first saw the trailer for Frailty on Yahoo M...
 I really love this movie. It has a very real f...
 This movie is amazing for several reasons. Har...
 Jerome Crabbe has the lead role in this movie....
 I had expected a fairly straightforward R-rate...
 This film is exceptional in that Marlene & Ray...
 I was lucky enough for this film to come on TC...
 This was playing at our theater in Amsterdam a...
 THE EXPERT, starring Jeff Speakman, is the def...
 To say I wasn't expecting much sitting down to...
 The Gymnast (2006) was written and directed by...
 Chris and Andre are two average, ordinary teen...
 Matt Cordell is back from the dead for a third...
 Yeah, I know the girls are hot and the scenery...
 Painful to watch, and not entirely for empathy...
 This is my first comment on IMDb website, and ...
 *WARNING. THERE MIGHT BE SPOILERS AHEAD, IF YO...
 Having been raised in Canada, I saw this short...
 The problems with this film are many, but I wi...
 Certain aspects of Punishment Park are less th...
 Kate Beckinsale is excellent as the manipulati...
 Have I seen a worse movie? No I can't say that...
 I saw this movie on PBS the first time. Then I...
 No, this wasn't one of the ten worst films of ...
 I recently read the story to see how these two...
 I really think this movie deserves some Oscars...
 With the obvious exception of Fools & Horses, ...
 Despite some negative comments this film has g...
 What is often neglected about Harold Lloyd is ...
 Although Robert "Knox" Benfer has his fans, I'...
 Where on earth do I start with the mess that i...
 This movie has all the ingredients of a great ...
 It's very hard to say just what was going on w...
 The opening scene of the beach at Fircombe whi...
 In most parts a lethally dull venture, Naach i...
 This is possibly the best short crime drama I'...
 (r#64)<br /><br />Unredeemable, merit-less, an...
 All the elements for a bad night at the movies...
 I had never heard of this film until it came t...
 Heartland was in production about the same tim...
 Julia Ross (Nina Foch) agrees to take a positi...
 "Fly Me To The Moon" has to be the worst anima...
 This review owes its existence entirely to a r...
 An stunning look at the ocean and the life in ...
 I have to admit I had never heard of this movi...
 The film belongs to Inventor - Underdog genre....
 Even if Ryan wasn't such of an annoying person...
 1980 was certainly a year for bad backwoods sl...
 As bad as they get. This film commits the fata...
 When i got this movie free from my job, along ...
 This movie is a waste of film stock. Do you be...
 Generally, I am not a huge fan of stop-motion ...
 So, finally I know it exists. Along with the o...
 My favorite Jackie Chan movie will always be "...
 This one was a surprise and better than most f...
 Twisted, bizarre, enchanting, and hilarious! I...
 i was a huge fan of this series. Yesterday i w...
 "Addictive" is an adjective I've heard many ti...
 Seriously. This is one of the most stupid fami...
 This is a documentary I came across by chance ...
 The first DH wasn't that great, but I really d...
 Obviously it seems many people really enjoyed ...
 On MTV cribs all the ballers and shot callers ...
 As a kid I thought this movie was great. It ha...
 Nurse Charlotte Beale(the lovely Rosie Holotik...
 Here's a real weirdo for you. It starts out wi...
 Let's not fool ourselves, okay? We all know th...
 This movie only got a 1 because you can't give...
 i paid $2.00 for this piece of crap, i want my...
 I'd like to start by saying I would not go see...
 "Yesterday" as a movie, is hard to rate. The c...
 If you read the plot summary for "Mad Max," yo...
 The director of this waste of celluloid specia...
 Before seeing this, I was put off by the subje...
 I wrote this as a two part review. Part two ha...
 I originally came across Linda Feferman's Seve...
 This movie is a great movie, however it is, as...
 There's no getting around it-- this movie is t...
 The Last Hunt is the forgotten Hollywood class...
 *may contain a spoiler of sorts?* The mere men...
 I went into this with my hopes up, by twenty m...
 Great movie. I was laughing all time through. ...
 When I bought my Toy Story tape when it came o...
 I first saw this movie about 3 years ago. I wa...
 In complete contrast to the previous correspon...
 Personally, I think Sayonara was the greatest ...
 It is a shame that the Gershwin family and Gol...
 This was another World War II message to the s...
 is seismic activity with little or negligible ...
 One of my favorite films for a number of years...
 I won't be too hard on this show because I enj...
 I think it's the first time that I go inside a...
 This is one of those inoffensive and mildly en...
 Normally for movie reviews, I try to be constr...
 This movie reminds me of great movies that tem...
 If you put Seinfeld aside, this is The Best Co...
 Camp North Star and it's Camp counselor extrao...
 I've seen many horror shows over the years, li...
 Despite a silly premise,ridiculous plot device...
 His first movie after longtime friend John Bel...
 Red Eye is a good little thriller to watch on ...
 This might very well be the worst movie I've s...
 Definitely the product of young minds, this pi...
 Damn straight.....this show was kick ass back ...
 ... because while I thoroughly enjoyed this fi...
 Universal Studios version of "Flipper" (1996) ...
 This show stinks. For parents, they usually wa...
 When I think of the cheesiest guilty pleasure-...
 I was delighted when I saw that my husband ren...
 In what must be one of the most blood-freezing...
 From the brilliant mind that brought us "The E...
 Extremely boring..I don't care how many avant-...
 Anyone who loves the Rheostatics' music is goi...
 I suppose the ultimate curse of attending the ...
 It's the early 80s. There's a group of suspici...
 Carlos Saura's Carmen is one of the finest ach...
 Sugar &Spice is one of the worst movies of 200...
 Bottom line - best romantic comedy ever. This ...
 I saw this obvious schlock fest on a video sto...
 ...then you'd better not watch this movie. The...
 Sure, most people will designate "Island of th...
 There's a certain irony in a parody of the Got...
 Just the ultimate masterpiece in my opinion. E...
 A Give this Movie a 10/10 because it deserves ...
 Fame is one of the best movies I've seen about...
 This film always hits me hard emotionally at t...
 First of all..I've seen better acting and more...
 Some Janapese modern horror movies are very go...
 I was so moved by this film in 1981, I went ba...
 hi.. I consider Just Cause one of my favorite ...
 Back (again) in Scotland, Lassie is (again) on...
 This series just gets worse and worse. Poorly ...
 well I'd probably agree with all the bad comme...
 Sadly not available on DVD as yet, but worth p...
 Me and a buddy rented this movie the other day...
 While the writing was terrible, the acting was...
 I found myself watching Sex Lives Of The Potat...
 I was at the world premier of this movie, and ...
 in 1976 i had just moved to the us from ceylon...
 Let's describe Larry as an interviewer: a comp...
 Logan Lerman & Dean Collins III of Jack & Bobb...
 I realise it's very hard to live up to the fir...
 I just don't get it. Why call this a sequel to...
 In Carmen, Saura once again seeks to establish...
 Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are among the fu...
 This film is just another waste of time. The p...
 Seeing all of the negative reviews for this mo...
 Ice-T stars as Mason a homeless African-Americ...
 More of a Frisbee like turtle with fangs that ...
 Luckily I did not pay to see this movie. Also,...
 Mike Hawthorne(Gordon Currie)is witness to the...
 I found this movie to be very funny, I loved h...
 Leos Carax has made 3 great movies: Boys Meet ...
 Once I heard that the greatest and oldest pres...
 It's a good movie if you plan to watch lots of...
 Avoid this film if you are looking for enterta...
 Burt Kennedy used to be a very good director, ...
 I've loved this movie since the first time I s...
 Lackawana Blues An impressive HBO movie about ...
 Ti%s and As*, lots of boobies. Some great char...
 I don't have a really solid thesis here, so I'...
 There isn't enough space to explain the many w...
 This is a great film!! The first time I saw it...
 Set in Hungary in November 1956, this is the s...
 Barbet Schroeder's "Murder by Numbers" starrin...
 Based on Stephen Hawking's "A Brief History of...
 I had to see this gem twice to really apprecia...
 This is an interesting little flick made in 19...
 Pola X is a beautiful adaption of Herman Melvi...
 The third installment of the "Carnosaur" trilo...
 Oops. I hired this because I thought it was Bi...
 this is by far the most pathetic movie Indian ...
 This movie is some of the worst crap I have ev...
 this show is pretty alright and fun to watch, ...
 This movie was simply amazing.The writing was ...
 This is a magnificent, and in many ways impres...
 The greatest tragedy man faces is that, capabl...
 What can I say about Kramer vs. Kramer? On the...
 I want to believe all new horror films coming ...
 A very good wartime movie showing the effects ...
 "The Duke" is a film based in the heart of the...
 Wow, I just LOVED watching all these hot babes...
 It's hard to say anything about a movie like t...
 Its no surprise that Busey later developed a t...
 i am in a vast minority here. i also didn't mu...
 Where would Hollywood have been without Fredri...
 Satisfying fantasy with ships sailing thru clo...
 I'm accustomed to being patient with films bec...
 I enjoyed the prequels, and found the relation...
 I've read many unflattering comments regarding...
 There are three main problems with the film. O...
 Up front, if you're tired, the first hour coul...
 IN THE LINE OF FIRE, in my opinion, is an exce...
 this movie was banned in england? why? tom sav...
 This story is a complex and wonderful tale of ...
 Well, first of all - i am a big fanatic of hor...
 Anthony Minghella's 'The English Patient' is a...
 Irwin Allen's first venture into all star spec...
 I caught this movie on my local movie channel,...
 I can't believe that someone actually paid to ...
 Unfortunately there was not a 0 for a rating o...
 This is a failure so complete as to make me an...
 I had to compare two versions of Hamlet for my...
 I was still living with my parents when they a...
 Castle of Blood is a good example of the quali...
 Just getting released from a six month drug re...
 Waldemar Daninsky (Paul Naschy) travels to Tib...
 Monster of Mexico I do agree is the weakest of...
 Don't get me wrong, this is a terrible, cliché...
 This film has scenes that come back to me at t...
 Throughout the 1950s and into the 60s, 70s and...
 This movie appears to have been an on the job ...
 This sequel to Problem Child is just as bad as...
 Previous Tarantino movies were from a guy in l...
 Adela is a rebellious teenager with the attitu...
 This episode of Twilight Zone combines a silen...
 After the success of Scooby-Doo, Where are You...
 A wounded Tonto standing alone to protect thre...
 This is a perfect example of why many people s...
 The premise of this anime series is about brea...
 "Bullfighter" was made in 2000 but it is being...
 At first sight this is yet another highschool ...
 We just saw this film previewed before release...
 We stumbled across this show one Sunday mornin...
 No one would ever question that director Leos ...
 Although there were some amusing moments, I th...
 1st watched 5/27/2009 - 4 out of 10 (Dir - Har...
 ...which isn't exactly a ringing endorsement. ...
 Corben Bernsen directed horror film about a ch...
 This is an interesting idea gone bad. The hidd...
 I would say 'Bride of Chucky' is a "return to ...
 This movie has been a favorite of mine and is ...
 Bell, Book and Candle was one of the great pop...
 I picked this DVD up at the Dollar Store. The ...
 This bogus journey never comes close to matchi...
 and it did. It is through my experience that w...
 This is what I call a growth movie. Every char...
 My Brother And I Have Pokemon 4Ever On DVD. We...
 Never posted anything here before, but after w...
 one may ask why? the characters snarl, yell, a...
 There seem to be many fans of this movie here,...
 Oh dear! The first time I heard of this bad sh...
 Dee Snider is the villain in this movie and hi...
 There are two groups of people...those who lov...
 WARNING! SMALL PLOT DETAILS REVEALED!<br /><br...
 This film would be considered controversial to...
 This flick reminded me of those lame "erotic t...
 I don't remember when I first heard about this...
 i first saw this movie back in the early 90's,...
 Many people know how it feels when a loved one...
 I can't believe this movie has an average rati...
 A film so insecure the creaters perhaps hoped ...
 Your ability to enjoy The Ashes of Time may de...
 Jack Webb's portrayal of the Marine drill inst...
 Sean Connery is very good as the Great Raisuli...
 Michael Caine's character has problems. He's a...
 I voted excellent for how well the acting was,...
 I'm a huge space buff, and at nearly 44, I've ...
 i'm not going to ramble on about it but i'm ju...
 THE MELTING MAN...a tragic victim of the space...
 Richard Farnsworth is one of my favorite actor...
 There's nothing wrong with a popcorn movie to ...
 Cannot believe a movie that can be made that g...
 Obviously, I didn't care for Things to Come (a...
 Okay, so I've read most of the reviews on this...
 Rivalry between brothers leads to main story l...
 but just as entertaining and random! Love it o...
 It's hard to watch this movie without thinking...
 [CONTAINS SPOILERS!!!]<br /><br /> Timon and P...
 This is the kind of film that I am wondering w...
 I swear when I first saw this movie,I cried my...
 I actually caught an ad for JAPAN SINKS in a J...
 A somewhat awkward spy mystery with a predicta...
 Carole Lombard stars in this transition period...
 Czech cinematography is traveling through dark...
 In order for a thriller to elicit fear, suspen...
 In a not totally successful attempt to be take...
 This film has the language, the style and the ...
 That is the only thing I can positive to say a...
 At first the movie seemed to be doing great, t...
 I'm grateful to Cesar Montano and his crew in ...
 1st watched 8/29/2009 - 7 out of 10 (Dir-Sidne...
 Alexandra Maria Lara: A very beautiful and ent...
 So it has come to this. Fast, expensive cars t...
 A wonderful film in the best Scandinavian eldr...
 The Giant Claw is in fierce competition with f...
 BLACK EYE (2 outta 5 stars) Unimaginatively-fi...
 When I first saw this show i thought to my sel...
 This was a very good 1950s western, one of the...
 A beautifully constructed and brilliantly acte...
 May 1938. Hitler in Italy. Preparations for hi...
 This video has audio that is meant for someone...
 This movie is one of the best and moving I hav...
 Daniel Auteuil's Bruno in Petites Couperes is ...
 As I write this user-comment, Tim Burton's int...
 True, it does not follow the book very closely...
 Soapdish may go down as one of the single most...
 Okay this movie fine like I said but you surel...
 I agree with "Jerry." It's a very underrated s...
 before watching this movie my thoughts were li...
 Very simply, they are all the syndicated episo...
 In general I like dinosaur movies but this one...
 The Radar Men from the Moon is a pretty typica...
 " Domino " has been widely condemned on this s...
 Great actors, an oscar nominee actress, stunni...
 just saw this exquisite 1982 movie Return of t...
 Kim Novak's a witch on the prowl for a mortal ...
 My yardstick for measuring a movie's watch-abi...
 I'm really suprised this movie didn't get a hi...
 Dan Finnerty and the Dan Band are so-o-o-o-o-o...
 Eddie Izzard is a one-in-a-million comic geniu...
 Mere thoughts of "Going Overboard" (aka "Babes...
 I love those kind of movies. Blood, Revenge, A...
 Two houses, one street, one phone booth, one c...
 This 8 minute gem is not only timeless, but it...
 Deeply humorous yet honest comedy about a bunc...
 This is one of the weakest soft porn film arou...
 I have to say although this movie was formulai...
 Coming from Kiarostami, this art-house visual ...
 It really doesn't matter that Superman comic b...
 amazing movie. Some of the script writing coul...
 This is one of the best romantic movies I have...
 This film contains the one ingredient that all...
 This movie dethroned Dr. Giggles as the best h...
 I mean, you just have to love the Italian film...
 This is my favorite movie EVER. I have watched...
 If ever there was a film that deserved a big f...
 A friend and I went through a phase some (alot...
 "The Lady from Shanghai" is well known as one ...
 I rented this movie because I hoped it would b...
 I basically found Eden's Curve to be a very po...
 On the outside, this film is better because of...
 This movie deviated from the Bible and fell so...
 I saw this film at the Seattle International F...
 From the opening scenes of FIERCE PEOPLE (an i...
 Fame was released in the U.S. a year before I ...
 This movie is BRILLIANT.<br /><br />I don't re...
 This was an awful movie. Basically Jane March ...
 This series would have been a lot better if th...
 This has some of the stupidest fight scenes of...
 This kind of angst can only be inside a young ...
 Alejandro Amenabar, the young and talented Spa...
 When i first saw the title i was already deduc...
 I caught this on late, late Mexican cable and ...
 After watching this film I decided that it was...
 I was dragged to this movie about four years a...
 I quote Oedpius Rex because it is a tragedy th...
 I believe this is the most powerful film HBO P...
 A movie best summed up by the scene where a vi...
 Title: Dracula A.D. 1972 <br /><br />Director:...
 (r#97)<br /><br />There is one good thing abou...
 The biggest surprise in this movie was the per...
 There's been a whole lot made about Carlos Men...
 Spoilers!!<br /><br />I hate this one, but it ...
 I'm sorry to see that it has been rated that l...
 This movie is awesome for three main reasons. ...
 This happy-go-luck 1939 military swashbuckler,...
 This low-budget erotic thriller that has some ...
 DRIVING LESSONS is a little film that sneaks u...
 I have not seen the first film and if it anyth...
 Probably the finest fantasy film ever made. Su...
 I'm sorry to say that this movies was one of t...
 SO THIS IS where Columbia's head of their Shor...
 ### Spoilers! ### <br /><br />What is this mov...
 Although it's an R rated movie, I really doubt...
 For shame, for shame that a fine actor such as...
 No doubt about it. This is the animated short ...
 This was shown on the biography channel and wa...
 I have been watching King of Queens from the b...
 Wow, I can't believe i'm the first and only on...
 I think it was Ebert who gave Stella four out ...
 Gary Cooper, (Michael Brandon) played the role...
 The concept of this movie is unique, however i...
 This Film was done in really poor taste. The s...
 Once upon a time some evil people made a movie...
 There are certain horror directors for whom I'...
 I think its safe to say that if you only reall...
 This is no walk in the park. I saw this when i...
 Yes, I spelled that right. This movie is so pr...
 I had never seen the original Death Wish in th...
 I've rented this gem several times! It's a sma...
 Many of the classic films of the late '60s hav...
 Let's see. This movie is many things to differ...
 I really wanted to like this movie because the...
 i just wanted to say that when i was young my ...
 The Mad Monster starts in Dr. Lorenzo Cameron'...
 First of all, this movie is so confused that i...
 Let me start out by saying I can enjoy just ab...
 This is the worst exercise in middle class pre...
 I suspect there's some revisionist history goi...
 In the middle of The Hole I e-mailed a friend ...
 Given how corny these movies are, you gotta fi...
 I truly hate and despise this film and the fil...
 A really terrible movie, really low-budget, wi...
 I'm a big fan of Italian films from the sevent...
 Brilliant movie. The drawings were just amazin...
 I saw this movie when I was a child. It blew m...
 The stories in this video are very entertainin...
 Oh my god what a story! This movie is very goo...
 Zombie Chronicles isn't something to shout abo...
 This movie is BAD! It's basically an overdone ...
 Saw this movie recently and had higher hopes. ...
 This film made me so angry because of its stup...
 A vehicle for Michael Caine. Its fairly well w...
 That's the question you have to ask yourself w...
 Look, this film is terrible... the "plot" invo...
 For all viewers out there who have slammed Joh...
 To me this film is just a very very lame teen ...
 Kramer vs. Kramer is one film to hold on too a...
 No movies have grabbed my attention like this ...
 If this movie proves only one thing, it's that...
 I don't ever remember reading Sarah, Plain and...
 If you didn't enjoy this movie, either your de...
 Seeing Gary Busey in a G rated film was a firs...
 This movie has some beautiful sets and Albert ...
 Jeff Morrow is Leslie Gaskell, Barbara Laurenc...
 Uncle Frank is everyone's uncle. This document...
 Can you capture the moment? When first you hea...
 One of the better musical bios. Dennis Morgan ...
 "Shadows" is often acclaimed as the film that ...
 Somewhere in the dark recesses of my brain cel...
 Essentially plotless action film has two good ...
 Jeff Fahey has such alert eyes and a smudgy, i...
 This seems like one of those movies that we th...
 this movie just goes to show that you dont nee...
 And thats about all that is. This thing is slo...
 I just saw this at the Venice Film Festival, a...
 I rented this pile of sewer waste hoping for a...
 Wow. I read about this movie and it sounded so...
 If this is not heavily featured on every list ...
 The Best Years of Our Life is often compared t...
 Umm.. I was quite surprised that someone actua...
 Here is a film which clearly banks on being ma...
 This is arguably the worst film I have ever se...
 After seeing Shootfighter 1, and the buckets o...
 This film reminds me a lot of the anti-drug fi...
 ... when this movie so well proves that they i...
 I saw this movie a while ago and I was looking...
 I am not a fan of the original book but was ex...
 Hard to believe that director Barbet Schroeder...
 Sorry I couldn't be more expressive in my summ...
 They're showing this on some off-network. It's...
 A film destined to be on late-night TV long af...
 I have to say I quite enjoyed Soldier. Russell...
 I cannot stop saying how much I loved this mov...
 I have no idea how accurate the portrayal of F...
 I watched this series on PBS back in the eight...
 These days, Ridley Scott is one of the top dir...
 The title is the sound that one of the charact...
 Why remake the original "Assault"? To my mind ...
 Journey to the Far Side of the Sun is about th...
 Gwyneth Paltrow is absolutely great in this mo...
 With the exception of the fine rack on Clara E...
 Oh, what a bad, bad, very bad movie! Cowritten...
 I had nowhere to go. I was on a flight to Vanc...
 The most vivid portrait of small-town oddity I...
 I must admit, at first I was worried about Far...
 After the usual chase scene, Jerry accidentall...
 Separate LIES changed my life. Actually, the Q...
 "Prom Night" is a title-only remake of the 198...
 CAT SOUP is a short anime based on the legenda...
 I'm dumbfounded. Yes that's right. I'm really ...
 *SPOILER ALERT!! PLEASE DON'T READ IF YOU DON'...
 Carlos is perhaps not the most original comic,...
 "The Grudge" is a remake of Shimizu's own seri...
 Vampires Vs. Zombies starts with the breaking ...
 From the moment Christopher Lee puts on a pair...
 The over-heated plot of "Bonjour tristesse" is...
 i was hoping this was going to be good as a fa...
 If Jacqueline McKenzie and John Lynch weren't ...
 Imagine this...<br /><br />Whenever two people...
 Just ingenious enough to be plausible and stil...
 I only saw this film once a quarter of a centu...
 I first saw this movie back in the 1980's and ...
 Animation always seems to be fringe. In Japan,...
 When I go to see movies I would stay up and wa...
 As the story in my family goes, my dad, Milton...
 Its Christmas Eve and lazy and submissive hous...
 I saw this movie many years ago, and just for ...
 This one has a lot going for it - Sinatra, Sty...
 Cute film about three lively sisters from Swit...
 Just so that you fellow movie fans get the poi...
 Certainly NOMAD has some of the best horse rid...
 Dick Tracy wasn't the best for many comic book...
 Wesley Eure is young inventor Brian Foster, wh...
 Loki, Norse god of mischief, creates a mask th...
 I don't know what it was about this film that ...
 While this is horribly dated, I MUST insist......
 This series got me into Deighton's writing and...
 Visually speaking, this film is stunning. It h...
 In the wake of my personal research into the p...
 The movie is actually too slow. There are some...
 Banned as a 'Video Nasty' in the UK, Unhinged ...
 Zeppelin is my favorite band, so when I heard ...
 This is an amazing movie and all of the actors...
 On the plus side this does contain interesting...
 I had this movie given to me, and have to admi...
 Want to watch a scary horror film? Then steer ...
 What a stinker!!! I swear this movie was writt...
 On this site I've often lambasted the American...
 This is one of those so-called "Hollywood Soci...
 I'm a big fan of camp, but when every plot 'tw...
 Yeah,it's low budget. Yeah,it's one of Candy's...
 I thoroughly enjoyed this film. I had read the...
 Superbly trashy and wondrously unpretentious 8...
 While on a vacation at the beach, red-haired b...
 Drew Barrymore plays young Holly Gooding, who ...
 There are about ten minutes about half way thr...
 I like the earlier description of this movie a...
 I'm a huge fan of both Emily Watson (Breaking ...
 Another Pokemon movie has hit the theaters, an...
 Spoilers ahead -- proceed at your own caution....
 There wasn't a 0 in the voting option so i was...
 One of b- and c-movie producer Roger Corman's ...
 Normally I am a typical "creepy-crawly-hatin'"...
 I was an extra on this film, in the part shot ...
 No budget direct to video tale of aliens in Ar...
 I watch a lot of films, good, bad and indiffer...
 So you're a giant mantis and you've been hangi...
 Errol Flynn is "Gentleman Jim" in this 1942 fi...
 Maybe if you smoked enough weed this would see...
 When THE CHINA SYNDROME was released, plenty o...
 SPOILERS 9/11 is a very good and VERY realisti...
 Steven Spielberg produced, wrote, came up with...
 A £3.50 DVD can be a gamble and this was one t...
 Hmph. Soul Plane supposed to be a "black comed...
 I've long heard that to get their start in 'le...
 This is a very bland and inert production of o...
 After getting thrown out of their last job and...
 To those who say that this movie deserves anyt...
 Watching beautiful women sneaking around, play...
 Peter Lorre gives one of his most evil perform...
 My introduction into Yoji Yamada's cinematic w...
 This was just plain terrible. I read this book...
 One of the all-time great science fiction work...
 This is a piece of Hollywood product that shou...
 Yes, this film has many gay characters. It als...
 The acting was flat (at least none of the acto...
 "Head" is one of those films you'll have a lot...
 In the 3rd installment of "Left Behind" the ma...
 It has been about 50 years since a movie has b...
 I was really looking forward to seeing this mo...
 As many have detailed here with a level of ser...
 This anime was underrated and still is. Hardly...
 I'm just starting to explore the so far wonder...
 Relesed from Troma (which is my favorite movie...
 let me first just say that in the past, i have...
 Save the $8.97 you'll spend at Walmart to buy ...
 my friend and i rented this one a few nights a...
 Steven Speilberg's adaptation of Alice Walkers...
 I read the reviews before i watched this movie...
 Like his early masterpiece "The Elephant Man" ...
 Wow You guys are way too nice!!!Corny,Corny,Co...
 This is a candidate for worst films I've ever ...
 Paul Muni and Bette Davis overact monstrously ...
 Having previously seen this short on VHS tape ...
 I'm one of those people who'd crawl a mile thr...
 I had the good fortune to be at Perris Island ...
 I'm a big fan of the demonic puppets. Looking ...
 Unless you are petrified of Russian people or ...
 I like a lot of Myrna Loy movies. This film wa...
 SEX WISH was actually released (minus ten minu...
 What was I thinking when I rented this one? Wh...
 I know this sounds odd coming from someone bor...
 The film is visually stunning: from the dusty ...
 Before Lost everything shown on TV was predict...
 I've finally seen THE INCUBUS after waiting 20...
 Many moons ago when I was seven years old, I c...
 This is the ultimate Kung Fu movie! This is th...
 "Snow Queen" is based, of course, on the fairy...
 Confounding melodrama taken from a William Gib...
 After all these years, of Peter O'Tool's brill...
 "What happens when you give a homeless man $10...
 I read the comments about this movie before wa...
 Swinging bachelor Matthau, a successful dentis...
 I haven't seen Ishtar, but I did have the misf...
 Such an awesome movie -- I was transfixed the ...
 A surprisingly effective thriller, this.<br />...
 Tim Curry was the reason I wanted to see this ...
 Well where do i start? i think it's very insul...
 If you're in the mood for a really bad porno w...
 It's a deeply stupid humor... but I loved it. ...
 a mesmerizing film that certainly keeps your a...
 Watching the preview of Armored I thought the ...
 It is a shame that such a great book was turne...
 This movie includes one of the best characters...
 i was enjoying this movie most of the time, bu...
 Wow. I went to the video store tonight because...
 Captivating tale of backstabbing behind the cu...
 I couldn't believe the comments made about the...
 Jesus Christ, what the hell happened here?. Th...
 Ridiculous thriller in which a group of studen...
 ...and I love it. Lots of special effects, and...
 Come on. The new twist is nearly ok, but from ...
 Hayden Christianson and Jessica Alba two of my...
 I watched this film in the theater in Edinbour...
 Certainly one of the dozen or so worst movies ...
 I have 2 complete sets from time life, This is...
 What a waste of talent -- although it appears ...
 Without a doubt one of the worst movies I've s...
 I just can't believe that these games can get ...
 Beside the fact, that in all it's awesomeness ...
 I just saw this movie for the first time ever ...
 This could have been the gay counterpart to Go...
 I loved this movie! So worth the long running ...
 Based on Neil Simons play of the same The Odd ...
 This film is worthwhile despite what you may h...
 I LOVED this flick when it came out in the 80'...
 First of all no adaptation is ever as good as ...
 I struggle to see the point of this movie. It ...
 Having just recently re-viewed "Lipstick" for ...
 We fans of Ed Wood tend to be an obsessive bun...
 This was the WORST movie I have ever seen! Mol...
 The film has no connection with the real life ...
 What made me track this movie down was the vie...
 What happened? 'Doubt' had so much potential t...
 They sell it as a horror movie, it's supposed ...
 Writers Perry and Randy Howze crafted a very e...
 Here's another film that doesn't really need m...
 Cliff Robertson as a scheming husband married ...
 Every time I watch Larry King Live, he rolls o...
 On a second viewing, this is still a wonderful...
 Frankly I don't understand why this movie has ...
 Good footage of World War I-era ships and plan...
 Streetfight (aka Coonskin) is a very unique fi...
 A SPECIAL DAY (Ettore Scola - Italy/Canada 197...
 I don't understand why it is so underrated on ...
 I haven't read a single IMDb comment for this ...
 If it were not for the "Oh So Gourgous," Natas...
 ...when this movie was on.<br /><br />What a b...
 I think it's the sort of film you either love ...
 If you are looking for a definitive biography ...
 If the term itself were not geographically and...
 Reasonably effective horror/science-fiction a ...
 This is absolutely beyond question the worst m...
 Contrary to its title, this film offers no spi...
 Kojak meets the mafia. Telly Savales is one of...
 Having seen the original when I was 13 (and, y...
 "Confirmed Dead" is an important episode in th...
 To be a Buster Keaton fan is to have your hear...
 This film reminds me of 42nd Street starring B...
 If you really want to know how most of the act...
 I watch a lot of movies. A LOT of movies. Gett...
 Robert DeNiro and Eddie Murphy, what a team. W...
 There is no doubt that the Kokoda Trail depict...
 I have seen every episode of this spin off. I ...
 Even though this film's trailer and poster imp...
 What can be said about THIS? Truly one of the ...
 This movie was boring! <br /><br />Yes, there ...
 This is one of those movies that has everythin...
 I chose to watch this film at Tribeca based on...
 Following the movie that represents the pinnac...
 *** May contain spoilers. *** <br /><br />If L...
 This film is about a man's life going wrong. H...
 Hmmm, started well, like a hybrid of X-Files &...
 This is one of the Stooges best shorts. It was...
 It is unsettling seeing so many people giving ...
 Let's see: there's a civil war, a lost city, a...
 Richard Dreyfus is not the star here. He has a...
 i just saw this movie on TV..<br /><br />i've ...
 I am a member of a canoeing club and I can tel...
 Stylized Hollywood Westerns, full of familiar ...
 Rating-10 Classic Waters! One of his best and ...
 I have to say that this movie was not what i e...
 I saw this regurgitated pile of vignettes toni...
 For some reason, this film has never turned up...
 In France, Xavier (Romain Duris) is a young ec...
 You could stage a version of Charles Dickens' ...
 This film ends with a speech in which the narr...
 This movie is more deceiving than ever, using ...
 Three horror stories based on members of a tra...
 i have to admit thanks to this movie i'm now a...
 I rented this DVD having seen it while looking...
 I've long wanted to see this film, being a fan...
 Excellent exercise on multiple plans:<br /><br...
 I was really surprised, that my mom watched wh...
 See No Evil is the first film from WWE films. ...
 Goldie Hawn's depiction of a simple young lady...
 OK. I think the TV show is kind of cute and it...
 If this was nominated for a screenwriting awar...
 How to Lose Friends & Alienate People is in al...
 Although Stardust seems to be a fantasy film w...
 The film as entertainment is very good and Jim...
 This is NOT your run-of-the mill police story ...
 I got Monster Man in a box set of three films ...
 Ouch!! What a mess we have here. Not so much o...
 Interesting plot but painfully dull. The scrip...
 The movie was awful. The theater was dead with...
 Dear Richard, I know we all loved you on Home ...
 I love dissing this movie. My peers always try...
 This is easily one of the worst films I've see...
 Trudy Lintz (Rene Russo) was one very fortunat...
 Pier Paolo Pasolini, or Pee-pee-pee as I prefe...
 Fred "The Hammer" Williamson delivers another ...
 The year still has three weeks to go but unles...
 I saw this film on 19SEP2009 at the Cambridge ...
 FREDDY FORSYTH has come up with a storyline wh...
 How do I begin to review a film that will soon...
 Ten years after the first movie, James Belushi...
 If you havn't seen this movie I highly recomme...
 Hard Justice is an excellent action movie! The...
 This movie is very similar to Death Warrant wi...
 Criminally Insane 2 is included on the new DVD...
 Though for most of us, sexiness is a variable ...
 I know it's hard for you Americans to find Eur...
 Sequel to "The Kingdom" is bloodier and even m...
 I originally saw this movie in a movie theater...
 You cannot be seeing the same movie if you did...
 I'm hearing rumors of an upcoming "Leonard Nim...
 Yeah, Madsen's character - whilst talking to t...
 this movie has a great message,a impressive ca...
 The acting was terrible, the cheesy, fake, CHE...
 Take a subject I didn't know much about and ma...
 Rated PG-13 for violence, brief sexual humor a...
 I went into this film thinking I wasn't going ...
 Even for sci-fi this movie is movie is a littl...
 I had stifled high hopes for this David Lynch,...
 Necessary Roughness (1991) was a bad comedy/ d...
 I've always been enthusiastic about period dra...
 'SherryBaby' is quite a painful and sordid mel...
 Sorry, but I usually love French thrillers - e...
 Detective Dave Robicheaux is trying to link th...
 It's possible that A Man Called Sledge might h...
 GoldenEye 007 is not only the best movie tie-i...
 I have watched Grand Champion all the way thro...
 I cannot believe the number of people referrin...
 After a very long time Marathi cinema has come...
 There are movies that are leaders, and movies ...
 When a group of escaped convicts manage to fle...
 Volcano is set in Los Angeles where a minor ea...
 Possible spoilers.<br /><br />Although there w...
 This was one of the worst films I have ever se...
 I saw this movie the first time at about twelv...
 Something that really does not go down right w...
 This movie seemed to have it all going for it ...
 Having first watched the movie at 14, I rememb...
 I had been long awaiting this movie ever since...
 Simply put, Paul Bettany and Jennifer Connelly...
 Unfortunately, I've never seen the full versio...
 I had a different experience with this movie -...
 Well, I must say that this was one hell of a f...
 I began watching this movie with low expectati...
 Many have disparaged Never Say Never Again bec...
 Esther Williams gets her first post MGM starri...
 This movie was a long build-up with no climax....
 This film is by far the worst film I have ever...
 First, let me make it clear that I'm a big fan...
 The delivery of some very humorous rude lines ...
 Check out the two octogenarians who review Lea...
 Night Of The Demons is definitely one the defi...
 "Yagyu ichizoku no inbo" (let's just say "The ...
 !!!!! OF COURSE THERE'S SPOILERS !!!!! I'm sur...
 If you delete the first twenty minutes or so o...
 Here's another of these modern-day ultra-sleaz...
 I had a feeling that after "Submerged", this o...
 This movie was so bad If anyone out their who ...
 We've just watched the last of the series show...
 An unusually straight-faced actioner played by...
 This movie is a mess. I'm surprised it even ha...
 There's nothing quite like watching giant robo...
 It's one of the paradoxes of Basil Rathbone's ...
 Dynasty Revisited in Hawaii... Full of clichés...
 I must admit, I didn't expect this to be as go...
 Oliver Gruner is totally unknown to me. My fri...
 Eddie Murphy spends his time looking for lost ...
 If you like stupid jokes and a terribly predic...
 I recently watched Spirit and enjoyed it very ...
 I came to Nancy Drew expecting the worst...bec...
 All Dogs go to Heaven was a quirky, funny movi...
 I don't usually like TV movies, I reckon that ...
 This film is about the complicated friendship,...
 Frightmare begins with a horror movie icon kil...
 I had a video of the thing. And I think it was...
 What an appalling film. Don't get me wrong, Ge...
 Orca starts as crusty Irish sea captain Nolan ...
 What a boring movie. While it did have humorou...
 "House of the Damned" (also known as "Spectre"...
 In my opinion this movie advances no new thoug...
 This movie is like the thousand "cat and mouse...
 It's pretty bad when the generic movie synopsi...
 This is one of the best presentations of the 6...
 If this is classed as 'real life' of London, t...
 So the other night I decided to watch Tales fr...
 Okay, I can sit through almost any movie, and ...
 I do not remember, at least in the last ten ye...
 Thomas Ince always had a knack for bringing si...
 this was a favorite Christmas Special that I w...
 The movie is a bit "thin" after reading the bo...
 I actually liked this movie even though this m...
 Usually, any movie with Steve Railsback in the...
 The cast is different and now they took a diff...
 Aliens let lose a giant monster named Zarkorr,...
 I thought Rachel York was fantastic as "Lucy."...
 The theatrics and the drama included in the mo...
 I agree with msinabottle; this is a great movi...
 I haven't for a long time seen such a horrible...
 The Three Stooges are arguably the greatest co...
 ...for one of the worst Swedish movies ever......
 I just finished watching this (last weekend) a...
 Man oh man, this was a piece of dog sh#t. I re...
 I recently decided to revisit The Omen trilogy...
 Sjöströms masterpiece and a movie that capture...
 I love this show and my 11 year-old daughter a...
 The biggest problem with "In Search of Histori...
 I had to suffer through this movie three times...
 "The Egyptian" is set during the reign of one ...
 "Japan takes the best from around the world an...
 I am glad to read so many negative comments ab...
 THE DECOY is one of those independent producti...
 In my opinion, the ending is what completely r...
 Largely dense road movie with some comic relie...
 This really is the most dreadful film I have e...
 I had high expectations following "My Beautifu...
 Don't ask me why I love this movie so much...M...
 I am writing this with 10 minutes left before ...
 I consider myself to have a decent sense of hu...
 The British 'heritage film' industry is out of...
 This is beyond a shadow of a doubt the absolut...
 Years ago many big studios promoted serial fil...
 I'm 14, so you probably would think I have nev...
 Nightbreed is not only great, it is also uniqu...
 This movie is one of the worse movies of all t...
 Fred Carpenter screened Eddie Monroe at Boston...
 This movie was made for fans of Dani (and Crad...
 I don't need to say much about how good this d...
 Emily Watson's Natalia is absolutely the most ...
 Safer indeed. Hitchcock is cinema's all time p...
 "Gespenster" (2005) forms, together with "Yell...
 Anurag Basu who co-directed the flop KUCCH TO ...
 this is the worst movie in the world. the only...
 I'm a 55-year-old fairly jaded gay white man. ...
 There are only a handful of movies that were m...
 I love this movie. I just saw it for the first...
 as a fan of robocop, i always loved this movie...
 Probably because this is Columbia's first film...
 The action in this movie beats Sunny bhai in G...
 This is so poor it's watchable.<br /><br />The...
 Video Vault By Shawn K. Inlow<br /><br />My Ar...
 LES CONVOYEURS ATTENDENT was the first film I ...
 I've watched a few episodes of this show and h...
 Even those of us who like cute animal pictures...
 ...would probably be the best word to describe...
 I have not managed to completely block out thi...
 This is a well-crafted piece from everyone's f...
 the movie is far more sophisticated and intell...
 ********Spoilers--Careful*********<br /><br />...
 I can admit right away that this is one of the...
 This film easily rivals the emotional strength...
 Falls into the film category of "Way too ridic...
 I guess this is the first time I have seen a R...
 I must confess, I was surprised at how good th...
 It's a ghost story. It's a cannibalism story. ...
 The combination of amazing special effects and...
 With all the shoot em up, blood horror movies ...
 Saw this in the theater in '86 and fell out of...
 The movie has an excellent screenplay (the sit...
 I have watched this movie over and over since ...
 This movie is an embarrassment to film-making....
 I was really excited about seeing "Cold Mounta...
 This is not a good film by an standards. It is...
 Zombi 3 has an interesting history in it's mak...
 I expected so much more than what I received f...
 A true masterpiece of the Soviet cinematograph...
 Voor een verloren soldaat , for a lost soldier...
 That's all I can really say about this film. I...
 I jumped for joy to learn this show ended. Thi...
 The film gets my stamp of approval. The scene ...
 This movie set out to be better than the avera...
 L'Hypothèse du tableau volé/The Hypothesis of ...
 Pictures that usually glorify a hero have mean...
 I rented this film from Netflix for two reason...
 Roopa (Kamalinee Mukherjee) loses her parents ...
 In A Woman Under the Influence Mabel goes craz...
 I look around in the video store still in shoc...
 "Eighteen" (2004) tells the story of Pip Ander...
 I don't know why all of the critics say this w...
 This is a "B Series" Film Noir, and my vote re...
 My all-time favorite movie! I have seen many m...
 Problem with these type of movies is that lite...
 Where do I begin? I sat down ready to laugh a ...
 Well, Dude Where's My Car might be at least a ...
 Chris, an adopted son of a moral family, a los...
 I was born in Beijing, China and moved to the ...
 Typical 90's comedy, situational comedy simila...
 "War is in your blood" Rambo says early in the...
 <br /><br />Ok, well I rented this movie while...
 If there are people that don't like this movie...
 I have read with great interest the only avail...
 How do stories this bad get made. That's not a...
 Terrfic film with a slightyly slow start - giv...
 Anyone who doesn't like this film is one who i...
 Disappearance is set in the Mojave desert as J...
 This film makes about as much sense as an 'Ozz...
 Half the reviews were good so i took a chance ...
 A criminally short lived show that went on to ...
 This is almost Ed Wood territory. Yeah, that r...
 The sequel is exactly what you will expect it ...
 Not much to say on this one. A plot you can pr...
 Despite the fact that this was a Made-For-TV m...
 SHRIEKER is a Full Moon production. I knew wha...
 This is an excellent movie. The cast is a grea...
 I watched this film not knowing anything about...
 This movie contains no humor for anyone who ha...
 Hollywood's misguided obsession with sequels h...
 I have lost count of how many reviews I've wri...
 When you see the cover of the DVD you're convi...
 I never was an avid viewer of "Crocodile Hunte...
 I know no one cares, but I do. This film is hi...
 Most successful comic book movies usually depe...
 What can I say about Ocean's Twelve? Who thoug...
 I saw this film on TV many years ago and I saw...
 Oh, come on, learn to have a little fun. When ...
 The acting is generally pretty weak. The dialo...
 **Possible Spoilers Ahead**<br /><br />\tJason...
 Something happens to Sondra Pransky when she e...
 This film was the one of the first, of the 70s...
 Ignore the bad reviews on here, this film is a...
 When I look for new cars, I expect not to be s...
 The rating is only a 5 because it's a movie th...
 This TV show is possibly the most pathetic dis...
 A documentary without a loss for words... ever...
 Rob Schneider is a famous comedian cause of hi...
 Scooby Doo and the Monster of Mexico was no do...
 Japan 1918. The story of 16-year old Ryu begin...
 This film starts as it ends and ends as it sta...
 Can you people please stop believing everythin...
 Two actors play rival gangsters in three films...
 This is one of my favorite movies of all time....
 Ocean's 12<br /><br />'If you steal fifty mill...
 Remember those terrible war movies your grandm...
 Körkarlen (1921), a classic film with cult sta...
 yeah, it's a bit of a silly film, so if you ar...
 We all have seen some unending epics in our ti...
 to make up a movie-going audience - I'm certai...
 Enjoyed viewing this film on TCM and watching ...
 In Pasadena, Mrs. Davis (Joanna Cassidy) sends...
 Being born in the 1960's I grew up watching th...
 if you have a chance of seeing this film do se...
 If you want Scream or anything like the big-st...
 Hell to Pay is a bit bloody for my taste, even...
 As I sat in front of the TV watching this movi...
 Time spent watching this film was time wasted....
 Great cast, great acting, great music. Each ch...
 I just watched this horrid thing on TV. Needle...
 A Sci-Fi Network original. Not the best. Not f...
 Anyone who has a remote interest in science fi...
 The part of The Grinch was made for Jim Carrey...
 I was on a British Airways flight from London ...
 CHANCES ARE is a charming romantic fantasy abo...
 As has been stated countless times, "The Hills...
 Everywhere I hear that people are calling this...
 It's the same old, "If I can't get the funding...
 I rented this for my son who is recently found...
 The best thing about this flick is that it see...
 The entire movie, an artful adaptation of one ...
 Renee Zellweger is a Kansas housewife whose do...
 Well... easily my favourite TV series ever. Ca...
 I'm watching this on the Sci-Fi channel right ...
 How poor is this movie? Well, I got it less th...
 The only reason I bought the DVD was to satisf...
 Raising Victor Vargas fails terribly in what i...
 This isn't so much a review of A Tale Of Two S...
 I didn't know this was a silent movie with nar...
 Most college students find themselves lost in ...
 I've recently watched this movie, in a lazy Su...
 Gandhi My Father is a well made movie. It nice...
 A study in BAD. Bad direction, bad acting, bad...
 I would have given this film a one star vote h...
 I too was intrigued by the high (8.5) rating f...
 As with a bunch of guys at school we must give...
 i thought this movie was really really great b...
 Thomas Clay has been mixing with the wrong typ...
 wow, the Naked Brothers Band. What should i sa...
 This may sound crazy to even the people who re...
 I must admit a slight disappointment with this...
 Having read some of the other comments here I ...
 This may be the only film that actually comes ...
 I think the show had a pretty good concept to ...
 Words are seriously not enough convey the emot...
 It says a lot about the United Kingdom when te...
 Director John Madden, of Shakespeare in Love f...
 At a panel discussion that I attended after vi...
 Uma and Travolta were very good together, but ...
 Even if you're not a "theatre person," I highl...
 You have to be awfully patient to sit through ...
 A lot of themes or parts of the story is the s...
 A beautiful, sensitive film that brings home t...
 One of the few reasons to make these pointlss ...
 It's been 19 years since Gordon Gekko used "Wa...
 This has the funnist jokes out of all the Chee...
 The GREAT NEWS is that this film is now AVAILA...
 Bette Midler showcases her talents and beauty ...
 Much better than it is generally given credit ...
 Bill Paxton stars in and directs this highly o...
 About the movie itself, there are ample commen...
 This movie is one of the worse examples of hyp...
 I gave this a 2, and it only avoided a 1 becau...
 I really liked this movie. If other people wan...
 Robin Williams and Kurt Russell play guys in t...
 Got this the other day from the Creators on DV...
 I guess I am coming late to the party. I just ...
 I recently rented this video after seeing "Fin...
 My first question after seeing this film was, ...
 Rise of the Undead starts as some huge nuclear...
 One of the best parts of Sundance is seeing mo...
 Jane Eyre has always been my favorite novel! W...
 I saw this cinematic wretchedness in a dollar ...
 Yep, this has got to be one of the lamest movi...
 Loosely based on novels by Earl Derr Biggers, ...
 This is one awful movie!! Some people told me ...
 That's My Bush is a live action project made b...
 Full disclosure: I'm a cynic. I like my ending...
 I didn't catch Gilmore Girls when it first cam...
 I had high hopes going to see this, as I alway...
 A pleasant surprise! I expected a further down...
 To quote Flik, that was my reaction exactly: W...
 Daniel Day-Lewis is Christy Brown, a victim of...
 I think this movie is a very funny film and on...
 (Contains spoilers)<br /><br />People who put ...
 I love Umberto Lenzi's cop movies -- ROME ARME...
 The Last Station, director Michael Hoffman's m...
 This cheapo remake of the terrific Five Star F...
 The film Torrent was a first and a last for Gr...
 I know I've already added a comment but I just...
 Alain Delon visits swift, sure vengeance on th...
 I enjoyed this show for two reasons 1. Richard...
 "Angels in the Outfield" was originally a 1951...
 William Lustig's followup to "Maniac" proves c...
 Can't liberals like Alec Baldwin get it throug...
 East Side Story entertains and informs about a...
 This is a brilliant documentary that follows t...
 Come on Tina Fey you can do better then this. ...
 Terry Gilliam traveled again to the future (he...
 I have only had the luxury of seeing this movi...
 Frankly, this movie has gone over the heads of...
 Speed which I believe is direct copy of the Ho...
 ... And boy is it soft <br /><br />I saw this ...
 Five Deadly Venoms is not as bloody and violen...
 I did not enjoy the film, Joshua, at all. Perh...
 I grew up on the 'Superman II' theatrical vers...
 Today, Bea Arthur died so I was cruising aroun...
 I really love the sexy action and sci-fi films...
 I stumbled on this late last night n TCM.<br /...
 Nick Nolte gives an excellent performance in K...
 Don't let the name of this film deceive you, I...
 *MINOR SPOILERS*<br /><br />Need any further p...
 I saw this movie at a drive-in in 1959. Until ...
 This was one of the funniest and greatest sitc...
 I also just got back from an advanced screenin...
 ...they bothered making this movie? Anyone? I ...
 What is there to say about this movie? This mo...
 Evan Almighty continues the mainstream Bruce A...
 Bloody Birthday is a totally rubbish slasher m...
 I suppose it's quite an achievement to be able...
 Dysfunctional family goes home for the holiday...
 Yes, this is one of the greats of the black ac...
 It's a strange thing to see a film where some ...
 Finding the premise intriguing, and reading th...
 Without question, the worst ELVIS film ever ma...
 If derivative and predictable rape-revenge thr...
 I first saw this film when it was transmitted ...
 Felt mine was while watching this...but it see...
 Well, i expected, for all the hype and Oscar n...
 Richard Brooks excellent 1967 film of Truman C...
 A delightful gentle comedic gem, until the las...
 <br /><br />I saw once No Man's Land (1987) - ...
 This film is wonderful example of the quality ...
 This film is superb! Wesley Snipes Plays Blade...
 Rainy day with not much to do. We were surfing...
 Herbet Clutter, wife Bonnie, and their teenage...
 A real surprise. Not exactly family entertainm...
 Victor Sjöström was quite the master in this f...
 'The Fox and the Child' is the new film by Fre...
 And it got it in France ! Why not in the rest ...
 I'm not sure that this comment contains an act...
 I watched this movie by chance, get curious by...
 I cannot get over how awful this movie was. My...
 I find it almost touching how Star Trek fans t...
 Beyond dirt cheap, this shot-on-video exercise...
 I find this movie very enjoyable. The plot is ...
 The fifth "Black Emanuelle" I've watched has, ...
 Klatret©ªsen(Catch That Girl) is really great ...
 Bad plot (though good for a B-movie), good fas...
 I have been an environmentalist for years and ...
 Fun mix of vampires and martial arts is a bit ...
 I spent many a sleepless night after watching ...
 For those who remember this video's initial im...
 This movie could have been great. It is not in...
 It's one of the funny things about being young...
 I would have given this otherwise terrific ser...
 "The Groove Tube" was initially shown on video...
 Viva La Bam was one of those shows that I didn...
 In the area of movies based off of screenplays...
 Very rarely does one come across an indie come...
 This is the worst film I have ever seen.I was ...
 Not having any idea what this film was about, ...
 Cleopatra 2525 is a very funny, entertaining s...
 This is an excellent, little known movie. Tom ...
 If anybody really wants to understand Hitler, ...
 Even the Maria Montez/Jon Hall technicolored b...
 This film marked the end of the "serious" Univ...
 I rented this film about a month ago when I ha...
 Teenager Tamara (Jenna Dewan) has it rough. Sh...
 Colorful western.<br /><br />Wyoming cowboy Ja...
 Waiting to go inside the theathre with tickets...
 No wonder this was released straight to DVD he...
 I have just recently seen Heaven's Gate. After...
 The second episode of the new "Lost" gives you...
 So I'm at home, flipping channels one night, a...
 I loathed this film. The original Phantasm had...
 I think the romance of this movie helps couple...
 Kubrick again puts on display his stunning abi...
 "Labyrinth of Passion"--with the possible exce...
 I simply cannot believe the folks that made an...
 This wasn't really a very good movie. There we...
 How is it possible to make such a bad movie wi...
 Thank God that there are films out there that ...
 This movie reminds me of "Irréversible (2002)"...
 I love this show. My girlfriend was gonna get ...
 I have found this epic to be of an astonishing...
 Cheerleader Massacre was supposed to be the fo...
 I first discovered Alexander Korda's (1940) Fa...
 As I write this, Norman Wisdom is a very confu...
 Fassbinder's most lavish production sacrifices...
 this is the worst movie i have ever seen in my...
 Cuba Gooding,Jr. will win the Oscar for BEST A...
 The Christmas Secret was touted as a wonderful...
 Paul was totally ripped off by someone at para...
 When a dowdy wife (Shearer) loses her husband,...
 This failed exercise in satire or commentary o...
 I know Terry Gilliam is considered as a good d...
 Mild SPOILERS contained herein. I'm spoiling t...
 It's initial premise is based on the American ...
 "Tesis", "Open your eyes" and "The Others" wer...
 The glorious Edward gets to move up in the wor...
 I was a schoolboy when I watched this film for...
 And I absolutely adore Isabelle Blais!!! She w...
 1st watched 3/17/2002 - 2 out of 10(Dir-Mario ...
 Slasher films are often seen as the derivative...
 Normally I wouldn't go to the trouble of comme...
 I have to tell you, this is a great movie. It ...
 Seriously. I just wrapped up my first viewing ...
 It's become extremely difficult to find a good...
 As I stated earlier this year, in my review of...
 I don't know why I even watched this film. I t...
 The best thing -- and that's pretty good -- ab...
 Are you kidding that was AWFUL!!! <br /><br />...
 During the first 3 seasons Fairly Odd Parents ...
 First of all, this film can be divided into th...
 1/10 and that's only because I don't go lower ...
 If this awful film moved at a snails pace it w...
 The Monkees "Head" is one of those peculiar ph...
 I just got back from "AGS". After seeing it, I...
 You know the people in the movie are in for it...
 The Ogre doesn't seem to have won itself a ver...
 I wanted to like this film, I really did. It's...
 This is the second addition to Frank Baum's pe...
 "Don't Change Your Husband" is another soap op...
 Before this was shown on MTV or VH1 it was at ...
 Just saw this at the 2003 Vancouver Internatio...
 This has to rate as one of the cheesiest of TV...
 Audrey, I know you truly cherish your husband ...
 Lee hosted the 100 Years of Horror for Ted New...
 There are moments when you don't want those de...
 What another reviewer called lack of character...
 By the mid 1990s, the career of animator-direc...
 Seen all 4 installments, this one is by far th...
 The dubbing/translation in this movie is downr...
 So, American Pie: Beta House is the 6th Americ...
 The first time I had heard of Guest House Pari...
 I followed this entire series when I was a chi...
 Rickman is sexy and good, but the "stranger" i...
 My girlfriend and I have a thing for Robots. S...
 I couldn't believe it. I had to rub my eyes a ...
 It is said that there are some people out ther...
 As one of the few commentators not to have see...
 I'm a large scarred heterosexual male ex-bounc...
 Bloody Birthday plays on the assumed innocence...
 Horrible movie. This movie beat out revenge of...
 DEAD HUSBANDS is a somewhat silly comedy about...
 To be honest, I've never been to the Congo or ...
 Bo Derek's debut film remained unseen for eigh...
 his has to surely be one of the worst gay-them...
 If you live in the suburbs, are relatively wel...
 Since the characters begin with "Unknown" iden...
 Every once in a while, an indie comes along th...
 I loved this film. I first saw it when I was 2...
 How sheep-like the movie going public so often...
 Just saw this movie on TV and I have to admit,...
 Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega are the mismatched...
 When I watched this movie when I was a kid I d...
 Stephen Hawking has one of the greatest minds,...
 It is a Frank Zappa axiom that "music journali...
 Truly terrible, pretentious, endless film. Dir...
 Fortunately, I haven't seen this film in a mov...
 I personally thought the movie was pretty good...
 In a critical scene, as Katharine Clifton (Kri...
 It doesn't matter whether you've experienced t...
 First off, if you want to make a good film, do...
 As a former Kalamazoo resident with a fondness...
 I don't understand jokes. I do believe this is...
 This film, by Oscar Petersson, is unique. Its ...
 I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!<br /><br />This beautiful...
 I saw this film when it first came out in the ...
 All I can say is, this movie is made for the L...
 Poor acting, no script, no plot, no convincing...
 Kannathil Muthamittal was simply one of the mo...
 This game is very good for the n64. You can sk...
 This film, also known as "don't look in the ba...
 MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is b...
 I have to say that I had low expectations for ...
 Axel Nordman (Cassavetes) shows up on the New ...
 Eddie Izzard is genius with his non-stop humor...
 What a terrible movie! The acting in this film...
 I love this film. The noir imagery combined wi...
 My boyfriend and I decided to go see this movi...
 A Formula For Murder isn't a well known Giallo...
 I was deeply moved by this movie in many respe...
 Despite the title, The Sword Bearer, and the D...
 Good for an evening's entertainment - but the ...
 What really stood out to me about this movie w...
 I am truly sad that this is the first bad revi...
 Too bad, I really like Kristen Cloke and Gary ...
 Good old black and white Graham Greene based p...
 I was also on hand for the premiere in Toronto...
 Oh boy. Where do I begin on this piece of slim...
 The king is dead long live the King! The triad...
 What i like about you is one of those series y...
 This movie is one of the most Underrated movie...
 In Spain, the former sailor Ramón Sampedro (Ja...
 In fact, the nature of the whole series is irr...
 A few words for the people here in germen's ci...
 Kramer Vs. Kramer is a near-heartening drama a...
 I simply could not finish this movie. I tuned ...
 I know my summary sounds very harsh, but this ...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** This is without ...
 Saw this movie at a Saturday matinée with a fr...
 Monika Mitchell's showbiz satire has some laug...
 A small town kid working in a big city becomes...
 Picture the scene: a mountainous alien landsca...
 This is a very grim, hard hitting, even brutal...
 Frailty--8/10--It's non-sensical title and "Bi...
 OK the plot is, wait you got me there is no tr...
 I cannot see why filmmakers remade this movie....
 As an engineer, I must say this show's first s...
 I loved this film. It was so intelligent but i...
 <br /><br />This is the best mock documentary ...
 A unique film...one of the best of all time. A...
 This movie is absolutely terrible... Definatel...
 There are so many things wrong with this movie...
 What a shame. This could have been good. The m...
 An American family moves to the countryside of...
 I would probably want to give this movie a zer...
 I read John Everingham's story years ago in Re...
 The team of Merian Cooper and Ernest Schoedsac...
 A fun romp...a lot of good twists and turns! (...
 One of the biggest hits of 1926, Brown of Harv...
 OK, the story - a simpleminded loony enters a ...
 Although I totally agree with the previous com...
 This is a wonderful movie about the struggle o...
 Belmondo is a tough cop. He goes after a big-t...
 After seeing the DVD release of the Blues Brot...
 Here's another entertaining Clint Eastwood act...
 Every time I watch this movie I am more impres...
 When you get ahead of a film, you know you are...
 I first watched Kindred in 1987 along with ano...
 - Having grown tired of the rat race and cramp...
 Musical bios are all cut of the same cloth. Ho...
 Never, ever, have I been as impressed by a fil...
 I can not say this movie was a hilarious, but ...
 You all know the story of "Hamlet". I do. <br ...
 I have to say, its not very good. Polly Bergen...
 It is an interesting exercise to witness the e...
 To surmise, this film involves two actors (Cai...
 There are a few aspects to Park's movies, and ...
 I've just finished seeing the film for the fir...
 This has to be one of the worst movies I've ev...
 Has anyone found a way to purchase copies of t...
 Oh dear. While Chevy Chase and the gang at SNL...
 Nothing is worse than the genocides of our wor...
 Look, I'm sorry if half the world takes offens...
 This movie was sadly under-promoted but proved...
 Joseph Conrad's novel, Heart of Darkness, had ...
 A case of being in the right place at the righ...
 I was an extra on this film but wish i wasn't ...
 This might contain a spoiler, so beware.<br />...
 Oz is without a doubt my favorite show of all ...
 This film does for Infantry what Das Boot did ...
 Our reviewer from Toronto told you what you ne...
 This film fails to capture any of the mystery ...
 I do not fail to recognize Haneke's above-aver...
 "Two wildlife photographers are traveling thro...
 The Three Stooges has always been some of the ...
 I saw this film when it came out. Let me see n...
 We saw this on the shelf at the local video st...
 OK, first of all, ignore the last person' revi...
 Man am I stoked I can leave feedback for this ...
 Every time I think about this film I feel phys...
 So when I first saw commercials for Greek I di...
 I saw this film at a time when I was timidly t...
 I liked this movie, the second Naruto feature ...
 ...this is, above all else, the typical Crown ...
 I'll give it this: I didn't stop watching, and...
 I remember seeing this movie 34 years ago and ...
 A horribly pointless and, worse, boring film. ...
 at the beginning i was happy to know about a n...
 The prey has an interesting history, unless yo...
 Okay... she's on the boat with this guy, reali...
 Dark comedy? Gallows humor? How does one make ...
 Completely agree with other review.<br /><br /...
 It was so BORING! No plot whatsoever! Basicall...
 Let me be up-front, I like pulp. However it is...
 Well I guess it supposedly not a classic becau...
 I am Puerto Rican and this is one of the worst...
 These writers are trying to re-create the char...
 Once again, Pia Zadora, the woman who owes her...
 Here is one the entire family will enjoy... ev...
 My wife and I endorse all the positive comment...
 This may not be the worst movie ever made, but...
 Honestly, my expectations for Little Bush were...
 This movie is a great example of how even some...
 I haven't seen the original "Incredible Journe...
 **************Possible spoilers********** Ther...
 Beaudray Demerille(a weak Peter Fonda, who als...
 I watched the unrated version of this movie an...
 A man named Jerry comes into possession of an ...
 Seriously, where is Al Pacino's Oscar nominati...
 toplines this ok comedy about an aging father ...
 In this tale of a tightly wound Christian fami...
 There are so many goofy things about this movi...
 Right at this moment I am watching this movie ...
 The Darkling was a very interesting and entert...
 For what it is, "Raising Victor Vargas" is abo...
 This is not a bad movie. It follows the new co...
 I'm not a huge Freddy Krueger fan,but that doe...
 This film would be a great piece of history if...
 Well, at least my theater group did, lol. So o...
 While I score the movie a 7, I also should poi...
 I wonder why I haven't heard of this movie bef...
 Tiny Tweet and Sly the sneak are locked up in ...
 I finally watched the third film in Mehta's tr...
 "Atlantis: The Lost Empire" was everything the...
 OK, I didn't have high expectations but this f...
 The film begins with promise, but lingers too ...
 Let's go straight to the point: this is The Mo...
 "De Dominee" is based on the life of a real du...
 Bunny Comes Home 'This Man's Navy' deserves mo...
 **Spoilers contained**<br /><br />I'd heard fr...
 You know, I'm sure the boys were sitting aroun...
 This was/is an incredible movie, with incredib...
 Its Hollywood imitating Daytiem Soap Operas at...
 There I am sitting at home in the morning, sud...
 At first,this movie seems so bad that i almost...
 And so the great rewriting of history continue...
 This movie is by far the worst movie ever made...
 Just when you thought it was safe to go back i...
 I rented it because the second segment traumat...
 ***Possible Spoilers***<br /><br />When I saw ...
 An old man who lives in the mountains wakes up...
 I really enjoyed this movie. It succeeded in d...
 I wouldn't be surprised if Soderbergh was pres...
 I would like to comment on how the girls are c...
 This is yet another gem from the pen of Daniel...
 My summary refers to the fact that this film h...
 If you are planning to rent or buy this movie ...
 Realistic movie,sure,except for the fact that ...
 I can't believe I waste my time watching this ...
 I'm biased towards any movie that paints a lux...
 My father was the warden of the prison (he is ...
 Oh, CGI. A blessing when used properly. A sin ...
 When I first saw this I thought it was a joke....
 Shuai is a burly and uncouth young Beijinger w...
 But it's not. The plot isn't all that bad, the...
 I love a good war film and I fall into the "be...
 This conglomeration fails so miserably on ever...
 Admittedly, you can put a model airplane again...
 Against All Hope is a very poorly made, someti...
 CRY FREEDOM is an excellent primer for those w...
 Not only have I read the book and watched the ...
 This musical is decidedly mixed, and none of t...
 I loved the first season. The quality went dow...
 This movie has no story. It's only about a bun...
 This story of a teacher who has a relationship...
 Just saw it at as closing film of Austin Film ...
 THE CHIPMUNK ADVENTURE <br /><br />There are s...
 I have not seen a better comedy than the King ...
 Ninja Hunter (AKA Wu Tang vs Ninja) is pure en...
 The problem with other actors cast in the rôle...
 Following is an intriguing thriller that requi...
 A delightful if somewhat predictable TV movie,...
 What the hell is this movie about? Well, if I ...
 If we compare the movie industry with an ocean...
 OK so it's not great either, but only because ...
 I LOVE this movie! Beautifully funny and utter...
 This movie was more of a passage into manhood ...
 For many year I saw this movie as a real movie...
 Granting the budget and time constraints of se...
 Why bother seeing this movie, if you have grea...
 As the 2000's came to a close, king Kong's ado...
 An intelligent summation of Cold War era mutua...
 Lucky me! I got a sneak peak at this pathetic ...
 and shot in Vancouver with the 'mountains' of ...
 This film is a calculated attempt to cash in t...
 Hearing such praise about this play, I decided...
 The motion picture was, in all likelihood, mad...
 Saxophonist Ronnie Bowers (Dick Powell) wins a...
 The main point of the movie, IMO, is the fact ...
     Film auteur Stephan Woloszczuk explores th...
 I get the feeling that those involved in makin...
 Im a huge M Lillard fan that's why I ended up ...
 This wonderful movie really takes the time to ...
 DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE IF YOU LOVED THE CLASS...
 We're talking about a low budget film, and it'...
 This seemed really similar to the CHILD'S PLAY...
 Edward Dmytryk directed this shadowy movie abo...
 Breaking Dawn starts in a Californian college ...
 There's something going on in this film direct...
 Often when TV series are transferred to the bi...
 OZ is the greatest show ever mad full stop.OZ ...
 Gorgeous Barbara Bach plays Jennifer Fast, a t...
 This is the only full length feature film abou...
 I was absolutely blown away by John Cassavetes...
 The Crater Lake Monster is easily one of the m...
 Everything about this movie is bad. everything...
 Troma founder, Lloyd Kaufman is The Crapkeeper...
 As said before, the visual effects are stunnin...
 George Scott gave the performance of a lifetim...
 Claire Booth Luce's "The Women" shows relation...
 I grew up watching sitcoms such as Seinfeld, R...
 This review contains MILD SPOILERS, but not en...
 Just got out and cannot believe what a brillia...
 You wouldn't expect a movie like this to be go...
 I disagree with previous comment about this mo...
 What bird is that ? A maltese falcon. The only...
 Thats what this movie really takes. A big piec...
 Uh oh! Another gay film. This time it's showin...
 Im sorry to myself, you know why. I feel paine...
 Adult version of the classic Lewis Carroll tal...
 How did this ever come into existence? I gener...
 Hilarious!! I would have sworn Ed Wood wrote t...
 you have a strong stomach. Holden was actually...
 Harvey Keitel gives a typically top-rate perfo...
 Thank you Hollywood. Yet another movie classic...
 This film essentially deals with Inspector Gad...
 Mislead by the terrible lie on the cover, "fun...
 Brett Piper again makes a very good film that ...
 Madonna has been rocking the boat for over 20 ...
 Out of the top 24 lesbian films in my library,...
 While the dog was cute, the film was not. It w...
 "The Godfather" of television, but aside from ...
 This movie was one of the best I have ever see...
 A so common horror story about a luxury buildi...
 I really enjoyed Fierce People. I discovered t...
 I had the misfortune of wasting 10 quid buying...
 Domini Enfilren (Marlene Dietrich) has spent m...
 Master Kieslowsky came with an idea in 1993, t...
 Seems like a pretty innocent choice at first- ...
 Or "Marlowe At Sea". Yet another ridiculously ...
 Return to Me is a charming gem of a movie. Wit...
 "Season on the Brink" is one of my favorite bo...
 Perhaps I would have liked this film more if I...
 I think Josh Duhamel is so great!! The rest of...
 I think vampire movies (usually) are wicked. E...
 I really love anything done by Savage Steve Ho...
 Up until the last 20 minutes, I was thinking t...
 this film takes you inside itself in the early...
 Drew Barrymore is such a great actress when it...
 Rigoletto is Verdi's masterpiece, full of dram...
 We watched this in my Women's Health Issues cl...
 First off, I would like to make it clear that ...
 WARNING: MAY contain some minor spoilers.<br /...
 First time I saw this great movie and Alyssa, ...
 A pretentious but - to varying degrees - watch...
 OK, Anatomie is not a reinvention of the Horro...
 I seldom see a film with such a cast, such a p...
 This Santa movie starts off strange and I thin...
 This would have to be one of the funniest TV s...
 i expected it to be good, after i'd seen some ...
 This is probably Karisma at her best, apart fr...
 Recently, I had opportunity to view a working ...
 I must admit, I was against this movie from th...
 What starts out as a passable movie degenerate...
 Spoilers ahead.<br /><br />2001: a Space Odyss...
 This is hands down the worst movie I can ever ...
 I've read one comment which labeled this film ...
 A big disappointment for what was touted as an...
 "Tart" is a pathetic attempt at film making wh...
 This is a thoughtful film that lays bare the i...
 Sorry to repeat myself over and over, but here...
 The cover case and the premise that write ther...
 I wanted to like this movie, but many elements...
 I am going to keep this short.This "adaption" ...
 Walking home after the film, I was humming the...
 This movie was well done in all respects. The ...
 I ran across this movie at the local video sto...
 Despite its ultra low budget, "Sorte Nula" is ...
 In the "goofs" section for this film there's a...
 hello. hello and goodbye. but, before i go, i ...
 I would like to vent my displeasure at NBC Can...
 Okay, I just had to sound off on this one... L...
 I really tried to like this movie but in the e...
 I don't have much to add to my summary, this f...
 Soap Opera about a small town married woman (K...
 Loretta Castorini (Cher)is a woman in her late...
 Maybe it's because I read Peter Straub's wonde...
 A top contender for worst film ever made. Joan...
 If you've got a box of tissues, a comfy couch,...
 Marilyn Miller made only three films before he...
 The film is worth watching only if you stop it...
 Hmmm, yeah this episode is extremely underrate...
 Husband-and-wife doctor team Carole and Niles ...
 I was lucky enough to grow up surfing in San D...
 YES, the plot is hardly plausible and very thi...
 A pretty average scifi film. The plot was more...
 I watched the version with pathetic American o...
 I am a fan of animal movies. If you can take a...
 I thought the movie was OK but very disappoint...
 Louis Creed, a doctor from Chicago, moves to a...
 This movie was disaster at Box Office, and the...
 Man kills bear. Man becomes bear. Man/bear mee...
 That word 'True' in this film's title got my a...
 I saw this movie and was bored out of my mind!...
 <br /><br />The movie "Slugs" is unique becaus...
 This was awful. Andie Macdowell is a terrible ...
 *****Warning: May contain SPOILERS********* My...
 This was a "sleeper" for sure!! Much better th...
 Whoever wrote the screenplay for this movie ob...
 Irene Dunne finished her illustrious career wi...
 If you're a fan of the late Gram Parsons then ...
 This is a multi-faceted, insightful and bold s...
 Two years after its initial release, Goldeneye...
 Even a bad Julie Andrews Musical is worth watc...
 The first 30 minutes of Tinseltown had my fing...
 I remember when this film came out, and watche...
 I'm probably one of the few people who defend ...
 This is one of Julie's greatest tributes to mu...
 To tell you the truth, I do not speak Tamil, a...
 This is one of the best movies I have seen in ...
 Being a big fan of the romantic comedy genre, ...
 Dr. Seuss would sure be mad right now if he wa...
 A terrific B-feature. A virtual two-hander and...
 One commenter said if you like Austin Powers y...
 This second pairing of Wile E. Coyote and the ...
 This little picture succeeds where many a big ...
 Films such as Chocolat, Beau Travail, and othe...
 It was just a terrible movie. No one should wa...
 A malfunction in space sends astronaut Neil St...
 Critics are a strange kind of people. Some of ...
 This is really a great unknown movie.Perfect d...
 First off, I just watched a movie on SHOWTIME ...
 This movie is AWFUL! I don't even know where t...
 No that its sick. It's not sick. It made me wa...
 I was really disappointed in this movie. Those...
 I have seen Dirty Work several times and is pr...
 Well, I just ordered this on my pay-per-view a...
 Four years after making his directorial debut ...
 I'm a big fan of Pacino movies. He's one of, i...
 Just saw this film at the Fantasy Filmfest BER...
 Quite the most boring nonsense I have seen in ...
 First of all I just want to say that I LOVE th...
 As a history of Custer, this insn't even close...
 I had never heard of this flick despite the co...
 I've seen this movie at least 8 times, and I s...
 Iron Eagle has always been one of my favirote ...
 Trading on the success of the 1975 hit, this f...
 "Scarecrow Gone Wild: He's the Death of the Pa...
 I've seen this movie more than once. It was on...
 A cowboy sympathetic to the plight of a nearby...
 This came as a huge surprise for me. I had nev...
 This has to be one of the worst films I have e...
 You think you've had it tough? You should chec...
 Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax law...
 For a country that has produced some of the wo...
 We all seem to be in agreement. It was an exce...
 I really liked the Movie "JOE." It has really ...
 With great expectations I went to see this fil...
 This glorified discovery channel documentary, ...
 Tobe Hooper has made great movies so I was cer...
 Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, var...
 You can see that if the flick ain't directed b...
 My Take: The silliest of the AIRPORT movies, a...
 I loved the film "Eddie Monroe". The film had ...
 We enjoy a film like "Fame" because we imagine...
 This movie about a man on the run for killing ...
 Director Delbert Mann was a much better direct...
 "What the Bleep Do We Know!?" was one of the w...
 I saw Hurlyburly on Broadway and liked it a gr...
 I agree that this movie is about sex without a...
 I used to work at the company that originally ...
 An Epic Story of Hope constrained by budget an...
 Magnificent and unforgettable, stunningly atmo...
 The Haunting, if you have seen the original, y...
 Plot Synopsis: Hong Kong, 1966. Paul Wagner, t...
 Classe Tous Risques (The Big Risk) is repeated...
 This movie grabbed me with the incredible open...
 In a series chock-full of brilliant episodes, ...
 Help, I've ended up in cinema hell! What a com...
 This is the last episode of the Goldenboy OVA ...
 Historical movies always take liberties -- con...
 without a doubt, one of the most racially prej...
 Mel Welles, you might remember him as Mr. Mush...
 I am very unpolitically correct guy, so when I...
 Man has been to the farthest reaches of the ea...
 This is a very unusual film which starts out w...
 I saw Riverdance - The New Show and loved it f...
 We have a lake. We have an animated meteor cra...
 I saw this last night at a screening for a mar...
 I really wanted to like this western, being a ...
 To answer the question of a previous reviewer ...
 Fascinating I approached I Am Curious (Yellow)...
 One of the most boring movies I've ever seen. ...
 This is, without a shadow of a doubt, one of t...
 No wonder a lot of us hate classical music; an...
 So it's not an award winner, so what? Have you...
 It's not like I have overwhelmingly fond memor...
 Dashing Errol Flynn brings his usual flair for...
 Even though many people here praises this movi...
 You know the story - a group of plucky no-hope...
 I was reviewing some old VHS tapes I have and ...
 Every review I have read so far seems to have ...
 Arrrrrggghhhhhh, some people take life far too...
 This wonderful movie captures so many elements...
 My 2nd favorite film of 1970 (after Five Easy ...
 I admire the effort of trying to reach out to ...
 This movie was so terrible it was almost good....
 I have loved this book since my 5th grade teac...
 There have been several films about Zorro, som...
 Two page boys working at a radio network go fr...
 This movie was a heart-felt piece of cinema th...
 To truly appreciate this film you had to be th...
 It has been almost 50 years since I saw "Jenni...
 It is a risky business to film such a lavish p...
 You got to love this movie! I mean, what other...
 OK i gave this a three A three! It deserves on...
 Having watched this after receiving the DVD fo...
 This was pretty bad - from bad acting, bad tec...
 I always enjoyed watching this when it came on...
 Kusturika made it again. Another masterpiece. ...
 This movie is sad. According to my fellow IMDb...
 hi for all the people who have seen this wonde...
 John Barrymore plays a gentleman who is also t...
 Police Squad! (1982) was a funny show that end...
 Spanish horror icon Paul Naschy stars in this,...
 I love John's work as a singer, but the movie ...
 Have just finished watching this film, which u...
 Alright, I'm 12, so this is where you get to s...
 The good things first: I agree with another vi...
 This series was a cut above the rest of the TV...
 This Film exhibits dear irony, shaggy-dog roun...
 This film, was one of my childhood favorites a...
 Now please don't start calling me names like, ...
 I recently was lucky enough to see "The Kite R...
 "Side Show" is one of the weirdest Horror movi...
 If it's action and adventure you want in a mov...
 Note to previous reviewer: This movie is "scie...
 This film is a spicy little piece of film-maki...
 After seeing the trailer for Evening, you will...
 This is one of the funniest and most excellent...
 When I first saw this movie, I said to myself,...
 The reason I intended to give this movie a cha...
 Oh Dear Lord, How on Earth was any part of thi...
 Kannathil Muthamittal is for sure a great movi...
 I never saw the other two "Ninja" movies and f...
 ... with a 500$ budget and a bottle of ketchup...
 This movie is awful, just awful. Someone bough...
 Last November, I had a chance to see this film...
 Alive<br /><br />Alive is a very entertaining ...
 See.. I really wanted to enjoy this movie. The...
 I can't remember when was the last time I have...
 This movie is crappy beyond any limits. It's i...
 It's difficult to express how bad this movie i...
 This is the funniest sequel I have seen in a l...
 Watched this piece ONDEMAND because the descri...
 Now I love American Pie 1 and 2 while 3 was gr...
 This is an abysmal piece of story-telling. It ...
 Acclaimed Japanese director Takashi Miike can'...
 The recent death of Stephen Bach, one of the p...
 The movie opens with beautiful landscape shots...
 Perhaps not my genre but plot was horrible as ...
 It might not be the best movie of 2006 but it ...
 I caught 2:37 at the AFI Fest in Los Angeles. ...
 THE NEXT KARATE KID, in my opinion, is an exce...
 This norwegian movie is so crap, the actors ca...
 There should be more movies about our Native A...
 This a good episode of The New Twilight Zone t...
 This movie was definitely not one of Mary-Kate...
 This was an absolutely terrible movie. Don't b...
 This is what I wrote to some friends earlier:<...
 This is one of the most putrid movies of the 9...
 Chaplin stars in a dual role as a jewish barbe...
 it's the best film that takes the first place ...
 This was a must see documentary for me when I ...
 let's face it, you know what to expect when yo...
 With the war not going well for the Soviet Uni...
 I first saw this film 40 years ago on N.Y. tel...
 This movie certainly is a weird one to say the...
 Surely this deserves to be in the bottom 10 fi...
 I'm sorry, but this may have been scary in 197...
 'Radio' is a beautiful movie based on a real s...
 How sad to see the beautiful and talented Tina...
 UK-born Australian helmer Alex Frayne calls fo...
 I'm in a film class and i know that i don't kn...
 I would put Death Wish 3 in the same box as St...
 A young boy comes into a lot of money and prom...
 What keeps us going - or at least what I feel ...
 I feel very fortunate to have the chance to no...
 When I went to see this film, let's not say th...
 If folks were really this stupid I could be th...
 Malcolm McDowell diagnoses Megan Gallagher's d...
 This was the first Mickey Mouse cartoon releas...
 A train holding union soldiers is transporting...
 I'm 35. Bruce was THE man in Evil Dead, and I ...
 Just saw it yesterday in the Sao Paulo Intl Fi...
 I first saw this film when i was around 6 or 7...
 This was the worst movie I've ever seen in the...
 A good old-fashioned flight-and-revenge wester...
 publicity got me to the theatre<br /><br />adv...
 Sadly I don't remember the book anymore, but I...
 Care Bears Movie 2: A New Generation isn't at ...
 The annoying mouse and lullaby really got to m...
 I contend that whoever is ultimately responsib...
 Unfortunately I made a mistake and I paid 7 Eu...
 Just as in "Columbo" we see the fatality occur...
 This movie is somehow showing 6.2 stars, It se...
 but there are not too many of them. Probably t...
 I had to watch this one for my Canadian cinema...
 As Steven Segal movies go this one is bottom o...
 I have never seen one of these SciFi originals...
 I simply love this movie. I also love the Ramo...
 The third film based on Charles Belden's play ...
 This "movie" will give me nightmares, I will w...
 Double Shock is one of the many good Columbo e...
 WOW, I'd hate to sound opinionated, but anyone...
 The first series of Lost kicked off with a ban...
 I really enjoyed this movie and it was a littl...
 ...though for a film that seems to be trying t...
 This movie endorses self-justice! It grants fr...
 Rosie Perez is the lead in this very engaging ...
 This is surely British humour at its best. It ...
 Here's the spoiler: At the end of the movie, a...
 Better than I expected from a film selling its...
 The Closer She Gets... is an artful documentar...
 As a flagship show, Attack of the Show (AOTS) ...
 I agree with one commentator who says that it'...
 Yup, that's right folks, this is undoubtedly t...
 "If I wanted to dribble, I'd call a nurse." <b...
 This very low budget comedy caper movie succee...
 I enjoyed Oceans 11, I thought it was quite en...
 Dane tries to hard and is to extreme with all ...
 I was looking at the external reviews (Ebert, ...
 My husband rented this from a video store thin...
 This is an excellent film and one should not b...
 Let me preface by stating that I have lived in...
 :Spoilers:<br /><br />I was very disappointed ...
 Renee Zellweger is Betty, a Kansas waitress wh...
 This is perhaps the worst attempt at a Zombie ...
 I've been intending to write a review of this ...
 Gadar is a really dumb movie because it tells ...
 Spoilers in this review! Despite a few highly ...
 In all my years of film-going, only once have ...
 When is ART going to overcome racism? I believ...
 I'm a big fan of movies that make you think. I...
 I didn't particularly like Sliding Doors or Tw...
 -=contains spoiler from both original and movi...
 Um, hello.. Rainbow Brite.. the name alone is ...
 I have seen poor movies in my time, but this r...
 Outrageously trashy karate/horror thriller wit...
 If you have any clue about Jane Austen´s produ...
 'Volcano' is a B-movie at best, and at worst i...
 very few chess movies have been made over the ...
 'Midnight Cowboy' was rated X with the origina...
 This is a documentary that came out of the spl...
 i found the film a bit predictable and boring ...
 I turned this on to see the incredible Ethel W...
 Noel Coward,a witty and urbane man,was friends...
 I don't see the point. It's ponderous. The ani...
 I will keep this as short as possible as this ...
 This movie was sweet. The main character lady ...
 I learned little of significance from this fil...
 I knew it was going to be awful but not this a...
 This move reminded my of Tales from the Crypt ...
 How can a movie have Ozzy Osbourne and still s...
 How could I best express my feelings about thi...
 Someone should teach the people who made this ...
 As a Canadian History major, my first thing to...
 This film is a bad film but to gain any nutrit...
 Grand Canyon is a very strange bird. It's a co...
 "The Garden of Allah" was one of the first fea...
 The story turns around Antonio 'Scarface' Mont...
 This film is a wonderful movie based on the li...
 At times, the mainstream news media seems to b...
 I will never go to another Tarantino movie aga...
 Before this made for TV movie began, I had rel...
 I agree with Vince, this movie paved the way f...
 I am obviously disappointed so I'll be brief a...
 After reading several comments, I felt I had t...
 Here in Germany "King of Queens" has a big big...
 Back in 1994 the Power Rangers had become a hu...
 I had an uncle who committed suicide after ser...
 I think it is a brilliant show with cool talki...
 I should have known better..the clues were all...
 I can think of no movie that better captures t...
 I thoroughly enjoyed this film overall, but fo...
 I have nothing but praise for this mini series...
 Ed Wood, perhaps the worst film maker of all t...
 Having watched this film strictly on the stren...
 Chokher Bali was shown at the (Washington) DC ...
 Buy this if you like rock, led zep or just wan...
 When one stops to recollect upon the frequent ...
 What can you say after watching this movie? Th...
 Due to rather dubious plate tectonics, Japan s...
 I'm writing this note as a chess player as wel...
 If you are a pretentious person, it would soun...
 This film is a cash in. A cash in reliant on a...
 Soldier may not have academy acting or Lucas s...
 Michael Cacoyannis has had a relatively long c...
 With "Anatomy" the german film producers have ...
 There are only a few movies which can be calle...
 What if someone made a horror movie that was c...
 MacBeth, I've always thought, is the most acce...
 Who'd a thought suicide could be dealt with in...
 Hair is one of my favorite movies of all times...
 I remember having a pretty low regard for a ve...
 OK we have 4 city electricians who find a mini...
 Somehow, this film burrowed it's way into the ...
 As far as the Muppet line goes, however, this ...
 American Pie: Beta House is sort of in limbo b...
 This movie was very cute and totally little gi...
 This film hits the heart with a reality like n...
 Eight Simple rules started as a very entertain...
 A huge disappointment from writer Hamm and dir...
 Please humour me if you will, for a minute whi...
 Hadnt heard a lot about this movie, except it ...
 I'm sure a lot of guys will love this movie. T...
 Everything I can say, is that it's one of the ...
 I described Woody Allen's Manhattan as perfect...
 John Voight plays the title character in this ...
 I am trying to find somewhere to purchase a DV...
 I first saw this film on hbo around 1983 and I...
 I have to say this movie is absolutely amazing...
 I gave this movie a single star only because i...
 Soon Americans would swarm over a darkened, da...
 I had the pleasure of viewing this beautiful f...
 I see absolutely nothing funny---even remotely...
 Wonderfully funny, awe-inspiring feature on th...
 Ladies and Gentlemen.. Be sad (or be glad !).....
 This is a masterful piece of film-making, with...
 This movie is a absolute masterpiece!, 'Tromeo...
 Okay, I struggled to set aside the fact that i...
 That was the first thing that sprang to mind a...
 This is a clever and entertaining film about t...
 This is a taut suspenseful masterpiece from Br...
 The original "Vanishing Point" was a great fli...
 Is it a remake og the Thing (1982/1951), i thi...
 "JB" (Jack Black) runs away from home after be...
 The wife of a stage producer in London hopes t...
 Cocky medical students play chicken with proce...
 This obviously was a pretty low budget product...
 What was this, a Zucker brothers movie? I don'...
 Previous comments encouraged me to check this ...
 Buster Keaton was arguably at his most enjoyab...
 This rather poorly named western series won an...
 In fact, Marc Blitzstein's off-Broadway adapta...
 If your a hard core Freddy fan then you might ...
 This is one of the worst B slashers I've ever ...
 I loved this. It starts out as a fairly normal...
 When I saw that this film was only 80 minutes ...
 Sorry for any spoilers that this contains. But...
 There are other reviews here expressing simila...
 Gilles Mamouni is playing with the audience wi...
 I loved Adrianne Curry before this show. I tho...
 Hideously bad movie purportedly about a croupi...
 There are few comedies like this, where almost...
 I bought this movie from Gamestop's discount u...
 "Jaded" takes on the complex question of abuse...
 I was pleased with the cast of reputable playe...
 Written and directed by Steve Gordon. Running ...
 Jessica is a young, virginal and very innocent...
 Denzel is about the only thing that is right i...
 I am having a holiday in hong kong now, and i ...
 The ending made my heart jump up into my throa...
 I saw this for free, thankfully, and wish it w...
 "Lackawanna Blues'is so emotionally powerful i...
 I caught this a few months ago on Family Chann...
 This is the worst kind of film.<br /><br />The...
 After a long wait, "Bedrooms and Hallways" mad...
 I gotta admit it, I love horror films...especi...
 In 1594 in Brazil, the Tupinambas Indians are ...
 I bought this video on a throw-out table at th...
 Beloved tale of hero "Benji" ("Higgins" the do...
 ...But not this one! I always wanted to know "...
 Why in the world would someone make this piece...
 Yes, I couldn't stop yawning, nor could my par...
 *Spoilers herein* <br /><br />Where do I begin...
 This was a great movie and the sequel should k...
 wow this is the worst movie ever. the only rea...
 It's common practice for a film about repressi...
 This must be one of the worst movies I've ever...
 My father, Dr. Gordon Warner (ret. Major, US M...
 generally speaking I don't make negative comme...
 This is not Bela Lagosi's best movie, but it's...
 Feisty Dianna Jackson (a winningly spunky perf...
 I gave this 9 stars out of a possible 10. If i...
 Paul Greengrass definitely saved the best Bour...
 This production of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark i...
 In the beginning of this film, one of the comm...
 I always feel strange and guilty saying it (be...
 This reworking of Anthony Shaffer's classic pl...
 Before I continue forth with the new millenniu...
 Crossing the Bridge: the Sound of Istanbul rec...
 Years ago I read the book 'A Máquina' (The mac...
 Sigrid Thornton (SeaChange) was seemingly born...
 Antonioni, by making this film, had assumed th...
 Like all the Taviani Brothers films, this one ...
 Hello. This movie is.......well.......okay. Ju...
 An utterly beautiful film, one of a handful of...
 The only thing in "Sudden Death" that outdoes ...
 You'd think a movie about incestuous sisters w...
 Spoiler!!! This movie is based on the concept ...
 <br /><br />Upon concluding my viewing of "Tra...
 I just came back from Hong Kong on my summer v...
 Rudy Rae Moore is getting out of prison and ge...
 One of the unsung gems of the 1980's, Scenes.....
 I picked this up at the video store because of...
 This movie is pretty good as it is, but the un...
 Hard to believe that director Barbet Schroeder...
 Anything Park Chan-wook creates is guaranteed ...
 I love this movie!! Sure I love it because of ...
 N.B.: Spoilers within. Assigning an artistic d...
 Actually, Son of the Mask did make me laugh a ...
 It became apparent in the first 25 mins of wat...
 i thought this movie was wonderfully plotted i...
 When the employees of a theater find an old re...
 I first saw this film in video form. Even on a...
 For the first three seasons, Sabrina was a gem...
 Afraid of the Dark left me with the impression...
 I make a point out of watching bad movies freq...
 This movie was great and I would like to buy i...
 This remake is entitled "That Darn Cat", but D...
 The movie is a fantasy. The story line is thin...
 The only time I ever actually laugh while watc...
 'Five Days' is billed as something special, a ...
 ... and yet, we were told, there was another h...
 There are two ways to turn a TV series into a ...
 For a long time, I, a fan of "The Monkees" TV ...
 I guess I have to write something here, althou...
 I can only assume the previous posts came from...
 This movie, to me, is about family. Jimmy Morr...
 I actually quite enjoyed this show. Even as a ...
 This movie stands for entertanment. Its the fu...
 I saw "Myra Breckinridge" when it first came o...
 We know from other movies that the actors are ...
 There's so many things to fall for in Aro Tolb...
 Put yourself into Carla's shoes. She is an ove...
 "Stick Around" is one of the brief series of f...
 A true wholesome American story about teenager...
 I, like many die-hard Trekkers (or Trekkies, i...
 Writing something genuine and true is challeng...
 Don't worry - no spoilers here, just saying th...
 I'm not going to approach and critique the the...
 Stripes, an army training camp comedy starring...
 This movie worked for me because I see this mo...
 I felt that way when I saw the episode in its ...
 While the sparkling chemistry between Ryan and...
 After two brief scenes that at first seem unre...
 hi<br /><br />Blade is an sensational action m...
 A young couple decides to runaway to sunny Cal...
 Those who have given this production such a lo...
 Although recognized as the best film treatment...
 I would never have thought I would almost cry ...
 Dumland focuses on the lives of one (American?...
 Kim Basinger and Mickey Rourke star in this co...
 This movie should go down as one of the funnie...
 Probably this is the best film of Clint Eastwo...
 Half a mystical thriller and half the fracture...
 This is one of the best and moodiest Vampire T...
 One of Keli McCarthy's best. This movie is fil...
 OUR GANG got one chance at a feature film in i...
 I had the privilege recently of viewing what i...
 This movie is one of the worst comedy movies i...
 - SMALL SPOILER HEREIN! - <br /><br />When I l...
 For anyone that loves predictable movies with ...
 My dad is a fan of Columbo and I had always di...
 Does anything at all happen in this movie. The...
 I think I've finally seen the Worst Movie Ever...
 Seriously what were they thinking? Over the co...
 So, it's Friday night and you want to go watch...
 i first saw this movie at the sundance film fe...
 "Knute Rockne All American", the biopic about ...
 In this desperate and thoroughly silly attempt...
 As you know "The Greatest Game Ever Played" is...
 This is slightly less sickening than the first...
 This film is so bad and gets worse in every im...
 Scott Henderson, the engineer that employs Car...
 This is a absolutely masterful stroke of geniu...
 If you like to be entertained, do not go see t...
 I don't mind some adult humor, but this featur...
 If you are uninitiated to the Gundam world, th...
 What reviewers and MST3K left out is the best ...
 I'm never much for classic films. Movies like ...
 This was my favourite film as a child, and I h...
 "Mistress of the Craft" Celeste works as an ag...
 You know those films that are blatantly awful ...
 In my mind, this remains one of the very best ...
 If you are like me and you bought the new Tena...
 The filmmaker stayed true to the most accurate...
 The story centers around Barry McKenzie who mu...
 Credited by Variety to be one of the greatest ...
 I loved this masterpiece and quite frankly I, ...
 "Iowa" wants to be "Requiem for a Dream" for M...
 The movie is a real show of how unemotional an...
 This is not the worst film I have seen of Pete...
 I saw this movie over 5 years ago and the subj...
 Follow-up to 1973's far better "Cleopatra Jone...
 I like my Ronald Colman dashing and debonair, ...
 I watched Cabin by the Lake this afternoon on ...
 Powers Boothe turns in a stellar performance a...
 I thought the movie was fairly well done for a...
 Every Sunday is an eleven minute short subject...
 Jean Renoir's homage to the Paris of the late ...
 This movie was a low point for both Jason Roba...
 I loved this movie when it first came out(but ...
 Anyone who thinks anime is nothing but sex and...
 Nico Mastorakis's banned movie was quite disap...
 Second Nature will not go down as one of the w...
 I noticed at once that this movie really wasn'...
 Okay, first of I hate commenting on this thing...
 After a long period in the space, looking for ...
 The only redeeming quality of this film is tha...
 The director spent a lot of time making the sc...
 Where to Begin, I like the scary snow-monster ...
 Despite all it's trappings of style and cinema...
 A man readjusts to life alone after 45 years o...
 I was truly surprised when I first saw this mo...
 The Eternal Jew (Der Ewige Jude) does not have...
 Okay, I've always been a fan of Batman. I love...
 Two of Hollywood's great child stars (Elizabet...
 One way or the other, you can't get away from ...
 Farrah Fawcett has spent the better part of he...
 Having seen many of Wong Kar-Wai's other movie...
 Thankfully you don't need a lot of "book learn...
 Glenn Close is back as Sarah Plain and Tall, a...
 Except for the glossy look, this show had litt...
 When the episode was made and aired Eisenhower...
 I can't figure out what Jon Voight could POSSI...
 -me and my sister have right now watch that mo...
 Another tiresome bore from Anthony Minghella, ...
 I am so glad Zac was in 'The Suite life of Zac...
 THE CELL fascinated me at first glance. I was ...
 Like most other reviewers, I really enjoyed th...
 Simon's best comedy is superbly crafted by dir...
 I can not believe the positive reaction to thi...
 "Heaven Can Wait" is a crushing bore and a can...
 Offbeat and rather entertaining sleeper concer...
 it's embarrassing I had like 3 minutes on my w...
 As a lesbian, I am always on the lookout for f...
 Hitchcock once gave an interview where he said...
 This film came out 12 years years ago, and was...
 I am a Maharashtrian, a teenager living in the...
 I Think It's a great movie. because you get to...
 I teach Japanese for an online high school and...
 OK I'm not an American, but in my humble Scott...
 Easily the best known of all the Shakespeare p...
 For once a sequel to "The Karate Kid" without ...
 It' just funny, watch it!!! <br /><br />OK the...
 OK, I knew this would be a back alley F-film (...
 When converting a book to film, it is generall...
 Hong Kong, the 1920s. A young man from poor be...
 i have one word: focus.<br /><br />well.<br />...
 When I read the summary of the movie, somethin...
 Once upon a time, Troma, the company that brou...
 This movie was utterly and unequivocally terri...
 Guys who-ever even THINKS about watching this ...
 OK, normally I am fascinated by Z movies. Some...
 "Shower" is an story about loyalty, about the ...
 My Take: Yet another lame PG-13 horror movie w...
 This movie is so wonderful, it's hard to find ...
 High school friends Andre Kriegman and Cal Gab...
 ***SPOILERS*** On of the first WWII movies com...
 I wanted to see Sarah Buffy on the big screen,...
 Tonight's film course film was The Legend of t...
 This is probably one of the worst films i have...
 Maybe it's just that it was made in 1997, or m...
 I've never written a comment on IMDb before, b...
 A formulaic story with all the tired cliches. ...
 For their credit, this is one of their more co...
 If "B" movies, tired and corny scripts, and go...
 I only watched this film from beginning to end...
 The Most Fertile Man in Ireland revolves aroun...
 This is an interesting series that takes real ...
 I love Seth Green. His appearances on THat 70s...
 First off... I have to say acting isn't very g...
 Highly implausible, unbelievable, and incohere...
 The movie had a good concept, but the executio...
 Just want to inform you guys that this movie w...
 It seems ever since 1982, about every two or t...
 Terrible adaptation of Heminway's low key love...
 Still haven't read a single Dan Brown book, bu...
 If you lived through the 60s, this film can be...
 One of the best (if not the best) Stephen King...
 I have seen this play many times, from Olivier...
 What a stupid waste of money! 30,000 square fe...
 OK the box look interesting, the opening have ...
 This is being commented on only because Serge ...
 Okay, note to the people that put together the...
 REALLY? REALLY???? I know if you make a politi...
 Most people who have seen this movie thinks th...
 This enchanting movie is based on a novel by A...
 Kubrick proved his brilliantness again, now in...
 I had such high hopes for Teletoon Retro to ai...
 I thought I should qualify my position after r...
 I enjoy watching western films but this movie ...
 I watched "Elephant Walk" for the first time i...
 Mickey Mouse is now 75 years old. He was creat...
 This movie is the worst thing ever created by ...
 i love bad shark movies. i really do. i laugh ...
 This long episode packs amount of astounding o...
 James Bridges' "The China Syndrome" is a first...
 Snakes on a Train (2006, Dir. The Mallachi Bro...
 Maybe it's because I'm no fan of the comics (b...
 Irvine Welsh's follow up to Trainspotting hits...
 This movie has everything! It has a good story...
 Monty Berman and Dennis Spooner followed up 'T...
 At first it seems the topical romance movie wh...
 I was very excited to see Rock Star because I ...
 Eric Idle, Robbie Coltraine, Janet Suzman - it...
 A confused mess from start to finish. Like the...
 This film tries hard but fails. Perhaps to non...
 After watching the rather sloppy WW1 spy thril...
 Great, great, great! That is all I can say abo...
 Most of the French films I've seen - and enjoy...
 I'm sick and tired of people complaining that ...
 What some mistake for stilted dialog and/or di...
 The first of two films by Johnny To, this film...
 A detective (Dana Andrews) with a reputation f...
 I already gave my comment on this movie under ...
 Travis and Sandy(Ben Johnson and Harry Carey, ...
 Artimisia was on late last night. At first I d...
 The Dentist starts on the morning of Dr. Alan ...
 I rarely write reviews for IMDb.com, but I fee...
 Excellent, pre-code amoral tale with Barbara S...
 there are those movies that are bad they are f...
 Yeah, I made it all the way to the end. It was...
 As the first of the TV specials offered on the...
 and forget this. Completely. If you really nee...
 Looking back over the past 28 years (since my ...
 A bad one.<br /><br />Oh, my...this is one of ...
 I really enjoyed this thriller! I wanted to se...
 This was Bollywood's answer to Fatal attractio...
 Initially I was put off renting this movie due...
 We all enjoyed the movie. It is a very charmin...
 "The Secret Life" starts with the worst possib...
 I just finished watching the movie tonight and...
 This movie has great stars in their earlier ye...
 First of all when I saw the teaser trailer for...
 ****SPOILERS**** Powerhouse movie that shows h...
 I was so disturbed by the real footage at the ...
 I feel blessed to own what is known as the wor...
 First of all, I'd like to say I am a teenager ...
 C'mon, let's put aside the sophomoric humor th...
 keys to the VIP is BS.<br /><br />rob cavalier...
 Since Educating Rita, Julie Walters has been o...
 I'm a big fan of B5, having caught on only at ...
 I don't know who Sue Kramer, the director of t...
 This is a very bad movie. I laughed once or tw...
 I have been a fan of the Carpenters for a long...
 Buster Keaton was finding his feature length v...
 I watched this series after Tipping the Velvet...
 I watched this movie as a preview of a Matthew...
 This is not a good movie. It's disjointed, all...
 a friend gave it to me saying it was another c...
 Misfits at a military school? Hmmmm, sounds fu...
 Sharpe's Honour for the uninitiated, is the fi...
 It is pretty surreal what these flies can do.....
 Antonioni with Wim Wenders --some of the best ...
 As a convert into the Church of Jesus Christ o...
 This film was a waste of time, even rented on ...
 Two movies: "the fifth element", "armageddon"....
 Depardieu's most notorious film is this (1974)...
 This is a wonderful thriller I watched many ti...
 Although the recent re-telling of part of Home...
 I still remember when Frog Baseball first aire...
 MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of those rare films t...
 Dick Tracy is easily the best comic book based...
 WARNING!!! SOME POSSIBLE PLOT SPOILERS, AS IF ...
 I was talked into seeing this by a girlfriend....
 I would like to say that curiosity got the bes...
 This has got to be one of the worst movies I h...
 For some reason, some shows just fail...some d...
 First it was Jack The Ripper, now it is Alan F...
 DIRTY WAR <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.78:1<br ...
 The Sopranos is probably the most widely accla...
 Holy @#%& this movie was still warm and juicy ...
 If this is all the Watchowski's have to offer ...
 I think Hollow Point is a funny film with some...
 OMG, another bad film by Larry Buchanan. That ...
 This movie certainly proves, that also the goo...
 I have rarely emerged from viewing a film with...
 A remake can be successful. An adaptation can ...
 Every time I watch this movie blood comes gush...
 I agree with everything people said on this on...
 I have seen this movie when I was about 7 year...
 I gave it a seven only because the acting is g...
 The perfect space fantasy film. a group of kid...
 Surprisingly good made for T.V. Thriller. I wa...
 As a fan of the Sookie Stackhouse books, I fin...
 I only went to see this movie because I have a...
 NBC was putting out a lot of good product when...
 Although some may call it a "Cuban Cinema Para...
 Popular radio storyteller Gabriel No one(Robin...
 Although this movie has some weaknesses, it is...
 I really like this show. I can readily see how...
 Critics love this movie. I personally found it...
 I don't know whether this film hits my heart t...
 I found this film to be an utter dissapointmen...
 This is more of the same thing that made this ...
 Yet another TV show becomes a movie. Steve {Th...
 I saw this movie back in 1984, we first starte...
 They're not jawing journalists Cary Grant and ...
 i can't say i liked this movie very much.it ha...
 I will admit that I'm only a college student a...
 This movie's origins are a mystery to me, as I...
 Pathetic NRI Crap.....Appeal to all who are no...
 As a native of the city where the story takes ...
 After searching for 6 months, I finally found ...
 Not being a fan of first person shooters I was...
 "Cherry" tells of a naive, unmarried virgin wh...
 The Finnish version of Robert Altman's "Short ...
 The novel WEAPON which serves as the basis for...
 The 1960's were a time of change and awakening...
 I knew I was going to see this when I saw the ...
 Think a darker version of one of those kid sho...
 A bad Quentin Tarantino rip off, at least I ho...
 If Corky St. Claire in WAITING FOR GUFFMAN had...
 This is it. This is the one. This is the worst...
 Ironic that Dr. Seuss' fable emphasizing the n...
 I can't believe this movie is getting the rati...
 I would assume that this film would get rave r...
 This is a beautiful, yet simple movie about on...
 The strawberry blond has a great script, But I...
 Long on action and stunt work, but so short on...
 There were very few good moments in this film....
 This murder mystery with musical numbers is lo...
 Saving Grace is surely one of the leading cont...
 Just watched this today on TCM, where the othe...
 I too have gone thru very painful personal los...
 "Menace" is not funny. It tries hard - too har...
 Yeah, the poster is quite a horrible piece of ...
 I just saw Mar Ardentro and felt that I had to...
 I had never heard of this film and only got it...
 I'm new to gaming, but I would have started MU...
 Sometimes I watch a movie and am really impres...
 Two Soldiers is an excellent example of fine f...
 A bus full of passengers is stuck during a sno...
 I...I don't know where to begin. Dragon Hunt m...
 I watched FIDO on some movie channel and I hav...
 I watch a lot of movies - DVD, features, and c...
 When I think of a 1970s-period film, this is n...
 Lars Von Trier is never backward in trying out...
 OK, I have watched the original French version...
 I have always had the philosophy that every si...
 This film is the most traumatising and painful...
 This was a great movie. Something not only for...
 Wait, don't tell me... they threw out the movi...
 Behind the nostalgic music, we see a young boy...
 I am a huge fan of Simon Pegg and have watched...
 First of all, the genre of this movie isn't co...
 Domino is a great movie. It's about a young wo...
 A very promising directorial debut for Bill Pa...
 I am currently doing film studies at A.S level...
 I, myself am a kid at heart, meaning I love wa...
 Tom Cutler (Jackson) is a retired policeman wh...
 well, i said it all in the summary, i simpley ...
 jim carrey can do anything. i thought this was...
 I sat down to watch this film with much trepid...
 ...and my reasons for which are simple- there ...
 As a baseball die-hard, this movie goes contra...
 Heh...I'm surprised this movie still exists in...
 This is a film that on the surface would seem ...
 The gimmick, as it were, of this 1934 Paramoun...
 My grandmother took me and my sister out to se...
 I consider myself to be a bit of a snob when i...
 The cinematic interests in the British monarch...
 Diane Lane, Mickey Rourke, Rosario Dawson & Th...
 About five years ago, my friend and I went to ...
 I would rather of had my eyes gouged out with ...
 Another entertaining Travolta dance flick! GRE...
 The Korean War has been dubbed Americas's forg...
 If I had just seen the pilot of this show I wo...
 I have NEVER fallen asleep whilst watching a m...
 Well, where to start describing this celluloid...
 Thankfully saw this on a plane to Singapore re...
 First of all this was not a three hour movie -...
 This is by far the funniest short made by the ...
 In a phrase, moral ambiguity. In the Soderberg...
 Well they've done it again a new pumpkin head ...
 Tagline: the lucky ones died...before watching...
 Spike Lee has been in a decline since his earl...
 Stefan is an x-con that five years ago got mar...
 Fantastic Mr. Fox is a comedy based on the cla...
 I just saw this movie in a sneak preview and b...
 Most reviews say that this is the weakest poin...
 Granted I had seen some "Speed Racer", but I n...
 I remembered this as being one of my favorite ...
 Many people here say that this show is for kid...
 "My child, my sister, dream <br /><br />How sw...
 Another entry in the Pacino-As-Mentor sub-genr...
 **Spoiler* It gives away the very irrelevant e...
 The tagline for this show is, "He's speaking h...
 Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) pick-pockets Cand...
 Only if you are crazy about Amber Smith should...
 I was blown away by this film. I'm one of thos...
 A quick, funny coming-of-age matinée romp appe...
 While not truly terrible, this movie is still ...
 Medical student Paula Henning wins a place at ...
 A Vietnam vet decides to take over a backwater...
 Now I know that a lot of black humor pokes fun...
 Sweet, rich valley girl develops crush on a pu...
 Entertaining musical where Nathan Detroit need...
 I hate to admit it, but I didn't find it to be...
 It just seems bizarre that someone read this s...
 Perhaps not the absolute greatest entry in the...
 What a bad movie. I'm really surprised that De...
 I have witnessed some atrocities of cinema. In...
 Inherited this from my x's DVD collection when...
 In order to avoid confusion, let me clarify a ...
 The sounds in the movie were so mundane and ri...
 As the mom of a 3 year old and a 2 year old, I...
 Sandwiched in between San Francisco and Captai...
 This HAS to be my guilty pleasure. I am a HUGE...
 American Movie is a wonderful documentary. It ...
 I saw the movie and really could not stop my t...
 This has to be, hands down, hats off, one of t...
 More of a character study then a movie, COMMIT...
 This is, without a doubt, the single worst mov...
 This is without doubt the worst film in the Ha...
 This timeless summer love story is a classic a...
 This particular Joe McDoakes short subject was...
 While not as bad as some movies (like the horr...
 The early career of Abe Lincoln is beautifully...
 Family guy. When the show first aired, it was ...
 There are one or two other Shemp-era shorts I ...
 Yet another movie with an interesting premise ...
 Ahh this film had so much potential! A good ca...
 I remember watching this movie many years ago ...
 I absolutely loved this movie. I bought it as ...
 Dubbed beyond comprehension, the HBO version o...
 This is a classic street punk & rock movie. If...
 Director Raoul Walsh was like the Michael Bay ...
 Fever Pitch is a fun enough movie. It has a lo...
 This recreation of the infamous 1959 murders i...
 I frequently comment on the utter dirth of tru...
 This is a very old and cheaply made film--a ty...
 I'm no fan of newer movies, but this one was a...
 Well, I'll start by admitting I'm not a John F...
 I was very surprised to learn that Goldie Hawn...
 I was cast as the Surfer Dude in the beach sce...
 GEORGE AND MILDRED was a spin off from the mid...
 I've seen the Gator Bait films, and this is al...
 This movie is possibly one of the most creativ...
 I loved this movie!! Jack Black and Kyle Gass ...
 It is a truism that it takes a lot of effort t...
 After viewing several episodes of this series,...
 How on earth can people give this movie a low ...
 I must admit, I liked this movie, and didnt fi...
 Unashamedly ambitious sci-fi from Kerry Conran...
 I'm a big fan of Nicolas Cage and I never thou...
 by Dane Youssef<br /><br />I was kind of looki...
 Some of the worst, least natural acting perfor...
 We really don't know where to begin when talki...
 Oh my gosh! this was one of the best Sci-fi mo...
 I've seen Foxy Brown, Coffy, Friday Foster, Bu...
 As I've noticed with a lot of IMDb comments, c...
 A typical romp through Cheech and Chong's real...
 Yeah it may not be for adults, and some adults...
 We all know that special effects cost money, b...
 This is a powerful film which seems to have ne...
 Hak hap(Black Mask)is what I'd like to call a ...
 This film story is bad enough, which can happe...
 Robert Wuhl is teaching a class of film studen...
 In one word: excruciating. I was advised to re...
 usually a movie that starts bad stays bad in a...
 I think the majority of the people seem not th...
 To be fair, it has been several years since I ...
 Looking back on Jim Henson's works years after...
 The sitcom "The league of Gentlemen" follows t...
 It is sad to have to say that a film is truly ...
 We always watch American movies with their par...
 What is it about certain films that generates ...
 In this film we have the fabulous opportunity ...
 The brilliant Chuck Jones, master of Warner Br...
 Picture this. Someone makes a film about the C...
 This is the first time I feel the need to comm...
 the single worst film i've ever seen in a thea...
 Delirious, near plot-less mood piece and if it...
 ..IT'S THIS ONE! Very cool premise, right off ...
 Although this is generally a cheesy jungle-adv...
 In a future where an industrious travel agency...
 There is no such a thing as perfect murder.Lie...
 To start off, this happens to be my favorite o...
 The story of Sweeney Todd evokes memories of t...
 I think that the costumes were excellent, and ...
 I love this movie. At first, I didn't expect m...
 Others have already commented on the "decline"...
 Okay, the story makes no sense, the characters...
 I really didn't see this one coming. Roy Ander...
 This movie was Hilarious! It occasionally went...
 When Family Guy first premiered, I was not in ...
 I can't say how closely the film follows the n...
 First off, I would like to point out that whil...
 A stupid young man becomes obsessed with a wom...
 I found this DVD in the library and based on t...
 I agree with all the comments posted so far: T...
 It's great to hear the 3 or so comments, that ...
 This is breezy highly entertaining drama with ...
 While this film certainly does possess the ste...
 This movie starts out the way every movie shou...
 I really enjoyed the pilot, it was as amazing ...
 The night of the prom: the most important nigh...
 "Holly" is an issue-driven film, but it is nei...
 And this somebody is me. And not only me, as I...
 This adorable dog (called various names during...
 Boston Blackie movies have some strengths -- m...
 Hulk Hogan stars as a champion wrestler (A rea...
 "Tourist Trap" is among my favorite late 70's/...
 After a long hard week behind the desk making ...
 When I first heard that this movie was going t...
 This is a story of a long and awkward love. Th...
 This sequel is a total rehash of the first fil...
 I just purchased An Zhan (Running out of time)...
 In the periphery of São Paulo, the very low mi...
 I first saw "The Knowledge" during a Thames Te...
 Not often it happens that a great director´s l...
 This movie is being shown over and over on cab...
 My Comments for VIVAH :- Its a charming, ideal...
 OH MY God I am lost Now I know everything this...
 Picture Bride has an excellent look into Hawai...
 How can anyone not love this movie ? I think i...
 <br /><br />Very good 1970s movie about mob op...
 Worry not, Disney fans--this special edition D...
 I was so disappointed in this movie. I don't k...
 This movie had no parts that were hilarious, m...
 After you've seen this small likable and comic...
 Someone told me that this was one of the best ...
 Wish it would be released, as I would love to ...
 'Soapdish' is one of the best, yet least well ...
 I was p***ed when I couldn't see this one when...
 Making a film for under 1 Million might be a t...
 The thing with Ali G is that he takes the mick...
 Beware, My Lovely (1952) Dir: Harry Horner <br...
 at a Saturday matinee in my home town. I went ...
 Blank Check is a movie that I saw on TV one da...
 I was living in Barstow Ca. in 1968 when the m...
 I went to see this movie mostly because it loo...
 be warned: this movie tells lots of love stori...
 Sometimes the Academy doesn't recognize the po...
 One of the silliest movies of the 1940s, an un...
 With 'Twelve Monkeys' you need to pay attentio...
 This was what black society was like before th...
 This movie is difficult to watch in our fast-p...
 A notorious big budget flop when released. Thi...
 To me there is something so appealing and nost...
 This is possibly the worst version of the play...
 Whether you're a fan of the series which inspi...
 Um... Okay, I guess I get the whole shaky-cam,...
 Code 46 is one of those scifi movies where the...
 This is a truly hilarious film and one that I ...
 I lasted almost ninety minutes through this dr...
 This is probably the best of all of the Star W...
 I don't really know why so many persons love t...
 FLAVIA THE HERETIC is a strange entry in the n...
 "Foxes" is one movie I remember for it's portr...
 At the end of this episode Holmes asks Watson ...
 i came across this film on the net by fluke an...
 This is another of those rare movies one feels...
 Just a short comment! I want to say that I lik...
 I just blew four dollars renting this movie! W...
 I liked this movie. I saw it to a packed house...
 Yes, this movie make me feel real horror, when...
 WOW! Why would anybody make a sequel to an alr...
 "Stripperella" is an animated series about a g...
 The crew of an American submarine discover it'...
 I managed to sneak away one night and go to th...
 Have just seen this film for the first time af...
 I must admit this is one of Cameron Diaz's unh...
 ...well, pop this into the DVD, waste an hour ...
 This movie was bad on so many levels. The writ...
 I was expecting a documentary covering the 195...
 This well conceived and carefully researched d...
 I haven't seen this film for over 20 years, bu...
 whomever thought of having sequels to Iron Eag...
 I don't understand why this movie was released...
 The two leads, an Englishman and an Aussie fil...
 There is a scene near the beginning after a sh...
 Sandler is amazing again... I have already bec...
 this was made in that beloved age known as the...
 Yeah I watched this mini series with My Mom an...
 I was expecting a lot more of this film than w...
 1 hour and 40 minutes of talking--boring talki...
 "Christmas In Connecticut" is a gem of a Chris...
 Allen and Julie move into a cabin in the mount...
 Pretty funny stuff. Charlie was still working ...
 Almost a two-person play, and as such the dial...
 Arnold once again in the 80's demonstrated tha...
 I only wish there was a grade lower than F to ...
 Fascinating look behind the scenes about how a...
 This British pot-boiler has one thing going fo...
 In many ways, the perfect movie. The "Incredib...
 Respected western auteur Budd Boetticher is wo...
 Three scumbags get their just deserts after wa...
 I saw this in the theatre a couple decades ago...
 I know not why people considered it trashy or ...
 Exactly what you would expect from a B-Movie. ...
 After reading a biography on the last Russian ...
 Another case of a decent DVD case betraying th...
 I first saw this movie when it came out in 199...
 I enjoyed the movie and Kellie Martins perform...
 What can be said about Mr. Moore? He's the god...
 If there were two more charming performers tha...
 This brings back so many childhood memories. (...
 Shaky hand held cameras (this piece was shot f...
 I stopped watching this film half way through....
 The greatest games of Kasparov or Fischer can ...
 the real plot...<br /><br />A group of post-Ci...
 Columbo movies have been going downhill for ye...
 What the hell is this? Its one of the dumbest ...
 This really should have been a one star, but t...
 I had watched as much of the series as I could...
 There was a genie played by Shaq His name was ...
 I'm impressed that 'Hail the Woman' was made a...
 Lily Powers works at a speakeasy until her fat...
 It took me time to really appreciate John Carp...
 I have been a huge Lynn Peterson fan ever sinc...
 Scarlet Dawn casts Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. as a...
 Overall, I give this film a decent 7.6. To sta...
 This movie is hilarious, not in good way. The ...
 I got a chance to talk with the co-creator, Re...
 As a fan of Science-fiction movies, I have bee...
 Bogmeister and others have pretty much nailed ...
 This is a nicely-done story with pretty music,...
 Spoilers.....<br /><br />I saw the original on...
 this film needs to be seen. the truest picture...
 My sincere advice to all: don't watch the movi...
 This is one of the greatest films ever made. I...
 In the Belarus of 1942, two Soviet soldiers ar...
 This deserves a 12 out of 10. An absolutely re...
 I have seen this movie only once, several year...
 I had been interested in this film for a long ...
 More TV movies ought to be made like this one....
 I would like to submit the following goof.<br ...
 I stumbled upon this movie whilst flipping cha...
 On the surface, this movie would appear to dea...
 I saw this film recently in a film festival. I...
 Garson Kanin wrote and directed this look at "...
 This movie is so predictable when you know the...
 I loved this movie. I'm a Mexican and was in t...
 This is a cut above other movies of the genre:...
 I had the misfortune to catch this on a flight...
 This was god awful. The story was all over the...
 There wasn't a dry eye amongst the audience ye...
 He now has a name, an identity, some memories ...
 As a massive fan of DM, it goes without saying...
 Having enjoyed Joyce's complex novel so keenly...
 This is without a shadow of a doubt the absolu...
 Good luck finding this film to even watch - it...
 Biodoc on the enigmatic singer/songwriter who,...
 Let me be clear. I've used IMDb for years. But...
 My God, this is funny stuff. Yes, it's puerile...
 "The Incubus" is a mix of the good (an interes...
 Nathan Detroit (Frank Sinatra) is the manager ...
 This is a fair little show about the paranorma...
 I'm not a fan of this brand of comedy - stereo...
 Too fractured to be enjoyable, too loose to be...
 What can you possibly say about a show of this...
 "Murder by Numbers" stars Ryan Gosling and Mic...
 Incredibly hilarious mid-70's Italian Rootsplo...
 Did we all see the same movie??? I can't belie...
 I liked this movie. When the guy who was in on...
 After finishing the Zero Woman series, I was l...
 What we have here the standard Disney direct t...
 I was surprised to like this movie since I'm f...
 The movie was a huge disappointment. Especiall...
 No matter how you look at this movie, it is ju...
 Ill-tempered, verbally abusive movie studio ch...
 For domestic audiences I can see how they woul...
 How many movies are there that you can think o...
 I got the first Bill and Ted movie for christm...
 Although written by Stephen King, an overrated...
 Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is in line for...
 A young woman (Jean Simmons) is convinced by h...
 The Cure uses voice over to create an intense ...
 Mom has to be one of the all time uncomfortabl...
 The only thing I remember about this movie are...
 i saw this movie at the toronto film festival ...
 Sudden Impact was overall better than The Enfo...
 I loved this excellent movie. Farrah Fawcett p...
 Great concept, perfect characterizations and v...
 Well well, at last a view of this underrated f...
 This turned out to be more of a women's romanc...
 Possibly not, but it is awful. Even the fantas...
 French Cinema sucks! Down with all these psych...
 Normally the best way to annoy me in a film is...
 First let me say that those of you that voted ...
 This Movie Was In My Opinion Very Ignorant! Th...
 I saw this on TV the other night or rather I ...
 Dylan and Bobby are boyhood friends and they a...
 I cant see how some people cant find this film...
 Being from the Philadelphia suburbs and extrem...
 The Tender Hook, or, Who Killed The Australian...
 This effort is based on the true story of Jim ...
 What an atrocity. I am not one to demand total...
 This movie I watched back in 1981 when it came...
 This mess is so bad it doesn't even qualify as...
 It's fun to watch a young James Cagney doing h...
 One of those beautifully intense movies that d...
 This sequel is thoroughly uneven, incoherent a...
 'One-Round' Jack Sander is called that because...
 POSSIBLE SPOILERS<br /><br />No one is likely ...
 Too many sources routinely lump this thought-p...
 Do not waste your time with this movie. This i...
 There is a level of high expectation when you ...
 The way this story played out and the interact...
 Frank Tashlin's 'The Home Front' is one of the...
 It's nice that these three young directors hav...
 This movie never made it to theaters in our ar...
 This one is a bit more stylish than the averag...
 I don't think I've ever felt this let down by ...
 Not one of Monogram's better(not trying to be ...
 The H.G. Wells Classic has had several Incarna...
 Contrary to another reviewer, I think that thi...
 Don Wilson stars as a cop who enjoys the occas...
 Stodgy drama starring Pat O'Brien as a washed-...
 Nice movie and Nicholle Tom does a fantastic j...
 Eddie Murphy Delirious is by far the funniest ...
 This is one of the best Bollywood movies i hav...
 I've seen about four other Japanese horror fil...
 This is a great ending to the show. The fact t...
 This movie is not schlock, despite the lo fi p...
 by Dane Youssef<br /><br />A gang of crooks. T...
 The Adventures of Sebastian Cole is about a bo...
 As an animated film from 1978, this is pretty ...
 I have no idea why they made this version of "...
 Martin Weisz, who directed the solid "Rohtenbu...
 This is one very confusing movie. The film is ...
 I just had to add my comment to raise the aver...
 I liked some of the characters, but our lead r...
 I like movies that show real people "Americans...
 This film is unbelievable on any level. It fai...
 There's no point in comparing this with the or...
 I found this to be an underrated, quietly comp...
 One reviewer notes that it does not seem to ma...
 This is no doubt one of the worst movies I hav...
 This is a warm, funny film, in much the same v...
 I found this to be a tremendously disappointin...
 Just saw Coronado... Around here the only line...
 I really love action/adventure films and this ...
 How can't you rate this movie with 10/10? I ad...
 In 1989 here in NZ wrestling was somewhat of a...
 Barely came trough the whole movie... Acting i...
 Based to some extent on writers, David Croft a...
 Those of you who, like me, were disappointed w...
 !!! Spoiler alert!!!<br /><br />The point is, ...
 I'm normally not a Drama/Feel good movie kind ...
 I looked at this movie with my child eyes, and...
 ***Tip: Have It Read To You, Heres How***<br /...
 A yawn-inducing, snail-paced disappointment, I...
 I have to say many people have argued that som...
 Over all, it was a real good movie. Though all...
 As much as I love trains, I couldn't stomach t...
 A lack of character development proves fatal f...
 This wonderful 1983 BBC television production ...
 If you want an undemanding and reasonably amus...
 I saw this film for the very first time severa...
 This movie is the proverbial 80s flick that sh...
 I was duped into seeing this movie after readi...
 Watching Josh Kornbluth 'act' in this movie re...
 this movie wasn't good. i thought it'd be a cu...
 Rip off of "Scream" or especially "I know what...
 This is the worst war movie I have ever seen, ...
 I enjoyed this film. It was funny, cute, silly...
 This movie was two and a quarter excruciating ...
 Before she went into politics or public servic...
 The ruins is to Turistas as Deep Impact was to...
 When I was 10 (currently 14), I vowed to never...
 I know...I know: it's difficult (if not parado...
 Why would I say that? Because when the movie e...
 Close but no cigar! - that's what my opinion o...
 This film set the standard for African-America...
 This would definitely not have been my kind of...
 As a kid I did think the weapon the murderer w...
 Carson Daly has to be the only late night talk...
 Gregory Peck's acting was excellent, as one wo...
 At least the seats in the theater were comfort...
 Quite a heartwarming little film and not just ...
 Tired, garbled dreck. The chemistry between Ar...
 I notice that most of the people who think thi...
 I agree with most of Mr. Rivera's comments, an...
 Well, it was funny in spots. This film is a 4 ...
 I often wonder why this series was slammed so ...
 According to the book The Last of the Cowboy H...
 I only saw it once. This happened in 1952, I w...
 The film's executive producer is none other th...
 Maybe I'm reading into this too much, but I wo...
 Large corporations Vs. Conscientious Do good-e...
 A friend once asked me to read a screenplay of...
 I fail to understand why you would give this f...
 Of course, the story line for this movie isn't...
 The Thing is a milestone in movie-making and r...
 A really funny story idea with good actors but...
 This show has been performed live around the c...
 The greatest compliments to the other commenta...
 Once again, I was browsing through the discoun...
 As a long time fan of Peter O'Donnell's greate...
 It's like what other Dracula movies always do,...
 The world is a terrible place. But this movie ...
 Wow. That's about as much as I can say right n...
 Copy cats have copied this movie from a 1974 H...
 I'm a next generation person...i've never saw ...
 Well, it has to be said that Monster Man is a ...
 Carol, the young girl at the center of the sto...
 I couldn't not recommend a Christmas movie mor...
 Although I am sure the idea looked good on pap...
 Drew Barrymore gets second chance at high scho...
 Barbara Stanwyck plays Lily Powers. She's a wa...
 Any film in the early days of Orson Welles is ...
 Far from combining the best bits of Pontypool ...
 "Dope Sick Love" is a really remarkable docume...
 This film rocks...so hard...<br /><br />The ca...
 I have been a Star Trek fan for as long as I c...
 This was the first Mickey Mouse cartoon releas...
 This film starts out with a family who were al...
 Wilhelm Grimm (Alexander Knox) stands trial fo...
 Avoid this one! It is a terrible movie. So wha...
 This story is beautifully acted. It is both sa...
 Magicians is a wonderful ride from start to fi...
 Awful Star Wars knock-off with a slightly more...
 The story of Ed Gein is interesting, VERY inte...
 The often misunderstood Zabriskie Point is Ant...
 I remember this movie getting a lot of flak fr...
 For the first time in years, I've felt the nee...
 I went to the cinema in 1973 when the film was...
 Considered by many to be a strangely overlooke...
 My Mother Frank begins as a warm, amiable come...
 A group of adventurers travel to the 'dark con...
 This movie was a real disappointment to me. I ...
 Throughout this movie I kept thinking why on e...
 No this is not an Ed Wood movie. "Angora Love"...
 I am really surprised that this movie get a ra...
 Writer/Director Brian Burns has obviously seen...
 I sat (uncomfortably) through this film becomi...
 I've tried to reconcile why so many bad review...
 I thought this movie was great, if you didn't ...
 I guess if you like watching dudes get "pumped...
 Umberto Lenzi hits new lows with this recycled...
 In a nutshell: this is a cookie cutter romanti...
 Pinocchio's revenge is not a good movie. Nor i...
 I saw Five Fingers at the Drive-In in...what, ...
 Even die hard John Wayne fans will have to con...
 I first saw The Buddy Holly Story when I was a...
 So ya think you've seen every Mafia movie ever...
 Artistically speaking, this is a beautiful mov...
 This exploration of a unique decade in US cine...
 Due to the invention of a "The Domestication C...
 This Aussie flick filmed in 1999 does an OK jo...
 A complete and utter waster of my precious two...
 This movie is a real gem. The arc of the the p...
 Pinjar is a genuinely good film, with great ac...
 Don't even bother with this movie, it's bad wh...
 In this peculiar movie, the themes of the end ...
 I see that C. Thomas Howell has appeared in ma...
 Frequently voted China's greatest film ever by...
 The word "boring" gets thrown around way too o...
 Back when I was a kid and I lived with my sist...
 I'll keep this short; thanks to Greg for helpi...
 Eddie Fischer was simply bad. Possibly the wor...
 Garbo's first spoken words in this 1930 film e...
 Why aren't more films (especially American) mo...
 Well, I'm a huge fan and follower of Elizabeth...
 Why did I vote 10/10 for this movie that is ju...
 Hey all, I just wanted to give you all a few c...
 I watched Love Life on holiday, when it was fi...
 I think this is one of the best movies of all ...
 Ok, so it borrows a little from "It's a Wonder...
 "Dressed To Kill", is one of the best thriller...
 For those deciding whether or not to watch thi...
 What a terrible, TERRIBLE, film! One of the wo...
 Bad script, bad direction, over the top perfor...
 (WARNING: SPOILERS!)<br /><br />Five young peo...
 What ever happened to Michael Keaton? What a g...
 It was everything this isn't: it had pace, pop...
 I've seen a fair few films from the Far East r...
 I grew up watching and loving TNG. I just rece...
 When my Mum went down to the video store to re...
 As many people know, Mexican cinema was very p...
 I remember seeing this a long while ago, and I...
 I have to agree with MR. Caruso Jr Lanza,s was...
 I originally watched this because I thought it...
 I just saw the movie in theater. The movie has...
 Pinjar by Mr dwivedi is an awesome movie. Its ...
 I found the writing in this movie absolutely t...
 Expecting to see another Nunsploitation movie ...
 I am appalled at how bad this film is. As a pa...
 I have read the book a couple of times and thi...
 When I saw this movie I heard all the hype, an...
 I'd like to point out these excellent points i...
 I was 12 when this film was released and adore...
 I watched the 1st scarecrow movie and didn't b...
 To me A Matter of Life and Death is just that-...
 I just cant see what everyone sees in this mov...
 How cynical are the writers, to pander so. I m...
 This is a wonderful movie. I've only seen it t...
 When Sabrina first came onto our screens i was...
 Well , of course everybody is entitled to have...
 In the rapid economic development of 1990's in...
 The only reason this show did not get a 0 is b...
 This movie is the best horror movie, bar-none....
 I'm not to keen on The Pallbearer, it's not to...
 Michael Curtiz directed this 1930 very-stylish...
 Great acting is best rewarded by pairing with ...
 Fairly amusing piece that tries to show how sm...
 The Beat was an exciting movie about a couple ...
 This movie is very bad. In fact, the only reas...
 <br /><br /> I suppose this is not the best fi...
 "The seventh sign" borrows a lot from "Rosemar...
 For months I've been hearing about this little...
 I was unfortunate enough to see this movie at ...
 I absolutely hated this movie! I was 9 when I ...
 This is the kind of movie that you rent when y...
 Rosenstrasse is a touching story of courage in...
 This movie strayed too far from Straub's novel...
 Alas, it seems that the golden times of stylis...
 Let us assume for a moment that you haven't ex...
 well "Wayne's World" is long gone and the year...
 The jazz soundtrack makes this seem like a Cli...
 A different look at horror. The styling differ...
 I guess I do not have too much to add. I found...
 This film is a Pia Zadora special! When viewin...
 Reading the comments I am struck by the obviou...
 When the movie "The Cure" starts, we find out ...
 1931 also presented "an American tragedy", the...
 But this movie was a bore. The history part wa...
 haha! you have to just smile and smile if you ...
 I feel like I've just watched a snuff film.......
 In this crackerjack noir thriller from Columbi...
 Just watched this after my mother brought it b...
 It's pretty clear that the director and produc...
 As Jennifer Denuccio used to say on Square Peg...
 If this film was just outrageously poor would ...
 I usually enjoy underground movies and antiher...
 Soldier isn't a great movie, and everyone that...
 "The Man Who Knew Too Much" (1955) is Alfred H...
 We don't have to lose this movie, this is one ...
 Pet Semetary (1989) 9/10 The Creed family have...
 Abysmal with a capital "A". This has got to be...
 Wow. Something of a surprise. Though flawed, i...
 When the American movie industry tries to crit...
 My Wife and I saw this movie once in 1989 and ...
 It's been said that some directors make small ...
 He only gets third billing (behind Arthur Trea...
 This is a typical example of technically highl...
 OK, lets start with the best. the building. al...
 I was hoping that this film was going to be at...
 <br /><br />Well-known comedians meekly admit ...
 I would rate this film high on my list of Ingr...
 Great book, great movie, great soundtrack. Fra...
 Wow, even American Idol and So You Think You C...
 Barbara Stanwyck as a real tough cookie, a wai...
 I was very excited about this film when I firs...
 This film seems to be a rip off of many movies...
 One should not be too critical about the direc...
 The authors know nothing about Russians prison...
 I just watched this move for the 5th or 6th ti...
 This review contains some small, yet significa...
 Dustin Hoffman's debut feature isn't as bad as...
 The fire gives all...<br /><br /> This is one ...
 Dr. Chopper starts shortly after teenager Nich...
 this is one of the more poorly made movies I'v...
 This is a superb movie, suitable for all but t...
 First of all, this film was not released to th...
 This is a fun movie with subtle intention. Its...
 I just called my brother Paulie on the phone a...
 Is this a good movie? It's hard to say -- but ...
 This pathetic excuse for a movie doesn't have ...
 'Mojo' is a story of fifties London, a world o...
 Sick of the current cinema output, particularl...
 This is the story of a news investigator who h...
 The Bill was essentially a cultural fountain f...
 I am so disappointed in this movie I can't exp...
 I tried to watch this movie twice and both tim...
 I love this movie, but the music at all the al...
 The commercials for RAT RACE made it look too ...
 Shwaas may have a good story, but the director...
 Come on people. This movie is better than 4. I...
 I was really disappointed by this movie. Great...
 I have just recently been through a stage wher...
 I first see this film almost 21 years ago when...
 This is a film that everyone who lives in Swed...
 This little film brings back a lot of memories...
 CQ was the worst film I saw this year. Nearly ...
 After 66 years "Flash Gordon" still has an app...
 "Bruce Almighty" looks and sounds incredibly s...
 I too like Dafoe as an actor but i wasted a fe...
 Lauren Bacall and Charles Boyer do not provide...
 Bought for £1, Project Vampire is one of the w...
 I'm usually disappointed by what the media dub...
 A desperate attempt to make a "film-noir" sci-...
 Tess of the Storm Country was a Mary Pickford ...
 I got this on a double feature DVD called "Scr...
 One of the five worst movies I have ever watch...
 Just got back from seeing Black Snake Moan. I ...
 I may not be a critic, but here is what I thin...
 Worse than the rating it has been given. This ...
 please why not put this fantastic film on DVD,...
 There is a point in the film where the female ...
 This unpleasant film has little to recommend i...
 Such a long awaited movie.. But it has disappo...
 Ever heard of a taiwanese horror movie? Or any...
 I am a huge Ziyi Zhang fan and will go to any ...
 The most intense and powerful film I have seen...
 Josie is a reporter from a newspaper is set a ...
 My friend's mom used to work at a video store ...
 This movie was on British TV last night, and i...
 From everything I'd read about the movie, I wa...
 It would be something to try and tell someone ...
 Lapyuta (Castle in the Sky), more than any of ...
 SAPS AT SEA is evidently a pun on a Gary Coope...
 Dwight Frye steals the show in this one as a f...
 What an incredible fall for Sean Ellis.<br /><...
 The film begins with Ingrid Bergman and her tw...
 Nothing special to see here, the animation has...
 I have been familiar with the fantastic book o...
 If you are looking for an erotic masterpiece t...
 Look, this is quite possibly one of the best m...
 I just read a review defending this film becau...
 That's a problem I have with movies that come ...
 Endless repetition about the evil World Bank, ...
 Paulie sounds like the most saccharine, lachry...
 i never made any comment here on IMDb, but as ...
 I am amazed that movies like this can still be...
 Did you find the title funny? Oh, you didn't? ...
 This film on paper looked like it could possib...
 Terrific acting by the 5 stars makes this one ...
 Awful in a whole new way, ANYTHING BUT LOVE pr...
 A rather lame teen slasher from Brisbane. Whil...
 Oh dear! Oh dear! Oh dear!<br /><br />To think...
 I grew up on this movie and I can remember whe...
 Strong evidences and it clearly shows governme...
 Really, I can't believe that I spent $5 on thi...
 I went to see "TKIA" with high expectations, w...
 This may just be the worst movie ever produced...
 In a up and down career with all sorts of movi...
 When two writers make a screenplay of a horror...
 Forced, cloying, formulaic. Do these adjective...
 Woosh! Man What can I say...?<br /><br />The...
 Undeveloped/unbelievable story line,(by the ti...
 Boy this movie had me fooled. I honestly thoug...
 ... because this is yet another dead one. Life...
 I'm glad this was the last of the '40's Univer...
 With Pep Squad receiving an average of 4.7 on ...
 Maybe it gets better. I wouldn't know. I made ...
 Unfortunately this is not one of those movies ...
 I have been learning about the Zodiac for four...
 Lisa Baumer (Ida Galli) is the adulteress wife...
 I saw this film as a sneak preview before the ...
 I had no expectations; I'd never heard of Jami...
 Cult film-maker Corbucci's rarest of his thirt...
 There isn't much that comes close to the perfe...
 In the dusty little town of Furlough in Texas,...
 Not having seen this film in quite some time, ...
 I recently had the idea to make a short film f...
 I don't know how I would feel if I lived in US...
 This movie is an awesome remake of the origina...
 I always tell people that "Enchanted April" is...
 This film is terrible. Every line is stolen fr...
 The premise of the movie has been explained an...
 The movie is powerful as a political statement...
 I only know of one other movie that could poss...
 Being a D.B. Sweeney fan, I've been on the loo...
 Solo is a poor film - that cannot be ignored. ...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS***<br /><br />I saw...
 I question its importance to Queer Cinema as i...
 The material is poor....the script's dreadful....
 Talk Radio sees a man somewhat accidentally st...
 This film was horrible. The script is COMPLETE...
 Of all the versions of the Odyssey (or of any ...
 This was a modest attempt at a film, though it...
 The basic idea for this movie was good, but th...
 You have to figure that when the star's name i...
 The notion of marital fidelity portrayed in th...
 This is a very good Spanish movie but I am wor...
 I really wanted to like this movie, because I ...
 I revisited Grand Canyon earlier this year whe...
 This movie was so bad I don't know where to be...
 five minutes after watching this i logged on t...
 I went into this film expecting a slasher, and...
 one of the worst films i have seen to date. Pa...
 Enjoyed this 1936 film with plenty of veteran ...
 This series has a lot going for it with beauti...
 I'm sure that Operations Dames was a favorite ...
 Wales seems to be turning out some quirky movi...
 Does anyone know, where I can see or download ...
 i hired this movie out from my local movie sho...
 This can't be Mandy Schaffer's last film. Some...
 "I haven't laughed this hard since granny got ...
 One of low budget horror schlockmeister actor,...
 I respect the fact that this is a very popular...
 Wow. I saw this movie and "Up" on the same day...
 I sat down to watch a documentary about Puerto...
 "Pickup On South Street" is a high speed drama...
 There is a reason why certain films go straigh...
 I happened on "Shower" in the foreign film sec...
 I went to see Glenn McQuaid's "I Sell The Dead...
 I have, "Things to Come," on D.V.D. and it's v...
 From the point of budget 2.5m CAD isn't very m...
 Am i right in thinking i went to see the same ...
 The chemistry between Sally Hawkins and Elaine...
 The Robot vs. the Aztec Mummy was one of the s...
 This film surprised me a little. I watch a lot...
 Spirit of a murdered high school geek animates...
 The theme song often goes through my head afte...
 It's not quite the timeless masterpiece you wo...
 I can't believe that anyone would green light ...
 I wasn't expecting much out of this movie and ...
 I put this movie on in the hotel room to enter...
 Heart of Darkness, a short novel written by Jo...
 Despite the pans of reviewers, I liked this mo...
 Kalifornia came out in 1993, just as 3 of the ...
 Ever since he played a goon in Lone Wolf McQua...
 the costumes, the dialog, historical accuracy ...
 Well, this movie actually did have one redeemi...
 When I started watching this, I instantly noti...
 I haven't seen all Cage's works by any means b...
 10/10<br /><br />PLOT DISCUSSION<br /><br />Th...
 Budget, decent actors ...who knew these things...
 This has to be one of the, if not the worst mo...
 With a story and screenplay that seems to have...
 Wow. What can I say? I was born in 1960. I lov...
 Talk about a bore-snore. This 3rd rate biker f...
 OK, it's watchable if you are sick in bed or h...
 What was with all the Turkish actors? No offen...
 I never intended to write a review of this mov...
 The Power of Kangwon Province is director Hong...
 Director Sam Fuller has something of a cult fo...
 This is a clever episode of TWILIGHT ZONE that...
 If you haven't seen this, you do not know what...
 Lonesome Jim is kind of like a romantic dark c...
 Another Norman Lear hit detailing the problems...
 Well, I think I've finally seen my last Woody ...
 I grew up watching, and loving this cartoon ev...
 Ever since I was eight years old I have been a...
 The premise, while not quite ludicrous, WAS de...
 This is probably the worst movie I have ever s...
 Definitely one of the lesser of the Astaire/Ro...
 This is a VERY bad movie. However, I read that...
 I was REALLY disappointed with this movie. I h...
 After I read that ''At the time of its release...
 I saw this once probably like most people my a...
 Oh, why did it have to end like this? Laurel a...
 If you've ever been harassed on the Undergroun...
 i watched this film many years ago and have se...
 I look at this page, and it seems disapproving...
 Yes, it might be not historically accurate(act...
 i consider this movie as one of the most inter...
 This show is terrible, the jokes are all terri...
 Who is Bettie Page? I certainly didn't find ou...
 This is a luminously photographed and unusuall...
 This is one of those movies that they did too ...
 I caught this movie on late-night TV. Honestly...
 The vampire "craze" has, in my opinion, actual...
 I first saw All the Rivers Run on TV when I wa...
 Everything that you need to know about the por...
 C'mon people, look at the title! LOL! I rememb...
 As usual, leader Leo Gorcey (as Slip Mahoney) ...
 <br /><br />There is something about seeing a ...
 This is a film that makes you say 2 things... ...
 This has always been a favorite movie of mine....
 Yeah, stupidity! I just finish watching and I ...
 MGM were unsure of how to market Garbo when sh...
 Robert A. Heinlein's classic novel Starship Tr...
 A fondly-remembered melodrama  thanks chiefly...
 When I first saw Stella on comedy central I th...
 Ghoulies 4 is pretty ghoulish sequel. The ghou...
 I recently watched this film at the 30'Th Goth...
 This was a weird movie. It started out pretty ...
 This movie had reminded me of watching the old...
 Before I explain the "Alias" comment let me sa...
 You'd think that with Ingrid Bergman and Warne...
 The Duke is a very silly film--a dog becoming ...
 I'm a pretty tolerable guy, when it comes to m...
 This 1981 comedy still sparkles thanks to the ...
 After the book I became very sad when I was wa...
 Beautiful story of Wisconsin native, Dan Janse...
 I am easily pleased. I like bad films. I like ...
 What the heck is this about? Kelly (jennifer) ...
 This is an action packed film that makes me fe...
 Well what I can say about this movie is that i...
 one of the best and most inspirational movies ...
 This movie started me on a Nick Cage kick. It ...
 I liked it but then I think I might have been ...
 "The Desperadoes" (1943) is a genuine classic,...
 This movie is all flash and no soul. The actor...
 I haven't seen the more recent 'Traffic' which...
 It is definitely not worth spending either mon...
 For quite a long time in my life, I either did...
 I give this movie 2 stars purely because of it...
 <br /><br />`<br /><br />5 Years ago if you we...
 I saw this film when it premiered in LA. I thi...
 I don't care if some people voted this movie t...
 Without a doubt, the biggest waste of film of ...
 Alas, poor Hamlet. I knew him, dear reader, an...
 I say remember where and when you saw this sho...
 "An evil spirit takes over a girl and diffuses...
 this was a get up and go horror movie with an ...
 www.petitiononline.com/19784444/petition.html ...
 The plot was quite interesting, with the Russi...
 Venice, in 1596.Jews are separated from the go...
 It's a very good movie, not only for the fans ...
 How many disaster movies can there be before w...
 This is truly, without exaggerating, one of th...
 The tenuous connection between this film and t...
 Mystery Science Theater 3000 would have not be...
 I saw this film knowing absolutely nothing abo...
 When Ben (Red Foxx) discovers his wife Beatric...
 I would have been about 11 years old when this...
 What is it with studios like Paramount that ha...
 Wow! So much fun! Probably a bit much for norm...
 This movie is about a fictional soap opera. It...
 Half of the movie is is flashing lights and sh...
 "Love and Human Remains" is one of those obvio...
 Nothing positive to say. Meandering nonsense, ...
 It was so terrible. It wasn't fun to watch at ...
 This film is one of those that can't be regard...
 you must be seeing my comments over many films...
 This film with fine production values features...
 "Men of honor" - true story about a proud and ...
 This movie was a confusing piece of garbage. Y...
 Okay, so Robbie's a little hokey-looking by to...
 People call a 976 "party line" to talk dirty t...
 I had a vague idea of who Bettie Page was, par...
 A trash classic! Basically what we have here i...
 Yet again not quite bad enough to make it enjo...
 Seeing that this got a theatrical release nowh...
 I first saw this film in the mid 60's when I w...
 Here we have a miniseries, which revels in in ...
 The first half was OK, but the last half reall...
 Ah, Bait. How do I hate thee? Let me count the...
 Kol, space prisoner on space death row, manage...
 This movie is a perfect example of an excellen...
 The songs are fantastic and the story-line is ...
 Set in 1976 for no apparent reason other than ...
 This movie had potential, but what makes it re...
 I believe that this is one of Elizabeth Montgo...
 What an unfortunate mess is "Shiner." I wanted...
 This film was released the year I was born and...
 The best thing about camp films in general is ...
 I watched this with my whole family as a 9 yea...
 I was fairly lost throughout most of this film...
 The kids, aged 7 to 14, got such a huge kick o...
 I saw this piece of garbage on AMC last night,...
 I have been waiting for this movie a long time...
 Maria Braun got married right in the middle of...
 A montage prologue, quite obviously manufactur...
 I'm a huge fan of zombie movies and this is ju...
 Peter Bogdonavich has made a handful of truly ...
 Well, what can I say.<br /><br />"What the Ble...
 Director/screenwriter Allan Burns seems to hav...
 No words can describe how awful this film is. ...
 This film was so predictable, that during the ...
 This movie is one of the only historical docum...
 The Wicker Man. I am so angry that I cannot wr...
 This film took up three hours, including comme...
 It has started quietly. If your are looking fo...
 A lot of the problem many people have with thi...
 This show started out with great mystery episo...
 I can't believe that there are people out ther...
 I found this film to funny from the start. Joh...
 It has been almost 5 years since the release o...
 Set in World Depression Era Prague, this is th...
 This is one of the most enjoyable teen movies ...
 Another powerful chick flick. This time, it re...
 I can't add an awful lot to the positive revie...
 Normally i would applaud a movie that tries to...
 I just got back from a screening a couple of h...
 Like a lot of the comments above me, also I th...
 Not even 'lesser' Hitch, but simply a bad movi...
 Taken in the context of the time it was made, ...
 This movie was physically painful to sit throu...
 Blindingly stupid guff from the formerly talen...
 I can hardly call this a great film but it is ...
 Randolph Scott and Glenn Ford were once outlaw...
 Its time to pay tribute to the great Charton H...
 After what was considered to be the official D...
 OK if you are looking for a fun lesbian romp. ...
 Dark and bleak sets, thrilling music that cuts...
 As the metaphoric flies fled this steaming wat...
 This is by far the worst movie ever made. I ha...
 I play this game exactly after I watch the tra...
 I don't understand why everyone is hating on B...
 A movie/documentary about different people in ...
 Having seen Rush live, I'm able to appreciate ...
 I'm a huge Jane Austen fan and besides being a...
 A lot of things in this futuristic satire are ...
 This is a really funny film, especially the se...
 Stumbling upon this HBO special late one night...
 I went to see Random Hearts with 3 friends, an...
 THE SCREAMING is a very low budget horror movi...
 Hey what do you expect form a very low budget ...
 "Cut" is a film about some film students makin...
 'Maladolescenza' has the air of a dark fairy t...
 An obvious cash-in on the *Insert Monster Here...
 Engrossing drama of four men on a canoing week...
 This film came as a gift - a late-night offeri...
 No, just kidding. It was God-awful.<br /><br /...
 Instead, go to the zoo, buy some peanuts and f...
 if u haven't seen Vijay in "Ghillli", "Gilly" ...
 As previously stated in one of my great review...
 This is a great movie for all ages. Its the st...
 I thought that Ice Age was an excellent movie!...
 1st watched 10/29/2006 - 4 out of 10(Dir-John ...
 I have been looking for this mini-series for a...
 New York, I Love You, or rather should-be-titl...
 I had no problem with the film, which I though...
 2:37 succeeds admirably at showing us what Aus...
 I am a huge Robert Taylor fan and I have been ...
 Definitely not only for urban legend aficionad...
 Icy and lethal ace hit-man Tony Arzenta (a div...
 Uzumaki has a formidable reputation within Lov...
 Claire Denis's Chocolat is a beautiful but fru...
 102 Dalmatians (2000, Dir. Kevin Lima) <br /><...
 Now here's a film straight out of my childhood...
 Grey Gardens is shocking, amusing, sad and mes...
 <br /><br />Excellent ! I have to think back a...
 Although compared with "Mad Max", this film is...
 Leave Ed Wood alone. To call "Plan 9 from Oute...
 Beautiful....that one word pretty much sums up...
 I saw this as a child in the late eighties and...
 I felt compelled to write a review for Space C...
 One night I was listening to talk radio and th...
 I was very disappointed in this movie. Plotwis...
 'Oppenheimer' with Sam Waterston in the title ...
 Once in a while, a film comes along that raise...
 Sayles had a very interesting film on his hand...
 Dirty Dancing follows the story of Frances 'Ba...
 About five minutes in, and I saw where this wa...
 Buck's role as The Kahn brings to mind Bob Bar...
 I was very excited to see that they had made a...
 I found this film to be a bit too depressing. ...
 Frank Sinatra was far from the ideal actor for...
 I have to admit, I don't remember much about t...
 Well it was a nice surprise after all. its tra...
 Sam O'Steen, the film editor on the superlativ...
 OK, we got JP from Grandma's Boy and Chuck fro...
 I've liked Milos Forman's movies since I saw "...
 Once in a while in Indian cinema there comes a...
 This is the fourth full-length feature film by...
 I had heard about "gaming" and "Dungeons and D...
 The first word i can find to describe this mov...
 The Shining starts with Jack Torrance (Jack Ni...
 Like many here I grew up with Scooby-Doo. Unli...
 Anna Christie (1930)<br /><br />Anna Christie ...
 The first of five St Trinian's films (although...
 Imagine if you will an alternative universe wh...
 I have always liked Spike Lee's movies, but th...
 I suppose I like this film as well as any I kn...
 This has to be some of the worst direction I'v...
 I've seen this film on Sky Cinema not too long...
 If you go to the cinema to be entertained, amu...
 Leos Carax is brilliant and is one of the best...
 Due to budget cuts, Ethel Janowski (again play...
 Great just great! The West Coast got "Dirty" H...
 I am a great fan of Martin Amis, on whose book...
 After repeated listenings to the CD soundtrack...
 OK, I admit it, I'm 40 and still shed a tear e...
 A stupid show in the vein of the rest of them ...
 It's not so much that SPONTANEOUS COMBUSTION h...
 My girls 4 and 6 love this show. We stumbled a...
 Grim instead of amusing, mean-spirited instead...
 Not everything is said in this excellent first...
 "Painting is seeing, then remembering better t...
 I'm working my way through the Horror Classics...
 After all the crap that Hollywood (and the Ind...
 Regarded as another one of the recent over-the...
 "No one really knows how the Power came to be....
 "Summer of My German Soldier" was one of the m...
 I think a person would be well-advised to read...
 I first saw this movie as a pre-teen, about th...
 "National Treasure" (2004) is a thoroughly mis...
 A couple of cowpokes help a group of Mormons c...
 Everyone who has ever wondered how to make a f...
 I found the DVD version of this movie at a rum...
 Those who dislike this film seem to think that...
 What does the Marquis de Sade have to do with ...
 Altman is very proud of the fact that people i...
 This oddity in the new DORIS DAY COLLECTION do...
 well its official. they have just killed Ameri...
 Although I could sum this pathetic episode of ...
 There is only one reason this movie is watchab...
 Subject Matter: Cosmology, Quantum Physics and...
 By Hook or By Crook is a tremendously innovati...
 I think you would have to be from the USA to g...
 Went to see this finnish film and I've got to ...
 This film is a great example of fine storytell...
 RKO was trying to boost its starlet JOAN FONTA...
 This is one of the worst films I've seen. The ...
 Robot Jox doesn't suffer from story or bad eff...
 Cliché-avoidance is one of this film's main ac...
 I remember this film of old. It's a great, chi...
 I've seen this movie twice with my teenagers w...
 I cannot get past the message of this movie. I...
 (Spoiler included, some would say)<br /><br />...
 Joan Fontaine stars as the villain in this Vic...
 Oh dear, oh dear...<br /><br />For JM fans, th...
 This was on the 30th Anniversary DVD for Blazi...
 I saw this movie on the base movie theater whi...
 This film was one of the worst I've seen in a ...
 I'm grateful for one thing and one thing only ...
 Good show, very entertaining. Good marshal art...
 hello. i just watched this movie earlier today...
 "54" is a film based on the infamous "Studio 5...
 I think several others have already commented ...
 Six teenagers go to an old remote abandoned sc...
 .... could it be that ITV wouldn't want to rel...
 I think Cliff Robertson certainly was one of o...
 This should be re-titled "The Curious Case Of ...
 A poor basketball movie. A gruff coach with a ...
 'Panic in the Streets (1950)' owes more to Bri...
 i remember watching an elizabeth montgomery mo...
 I was expecting this movie to suck, but what I...
 You have to have lived in Japan for awhile to ...
 I feel like I'm the only kid in town who was a...
 It sounds as if it should be a biography of Cl...
 Absolutely one of the worst movies I've ever s...
 I'll give credit where credit is due, and say ...
 Picking up right after the Moscow-showdown of ...
 so, being a fairly deep fan of horror movies, ...
 Having not seen all the films released in 2002...
 Remember these two stories fondly and in the f...
 I thought that Eastwood's most unusual role wa...
 A lumberman finds a young cougar in need of he...
 **** Spitfire (1934) John Cromwell ~ Katharine...
 SPOILERS AHEAD <br /><br />15 PARK AVENUE: My ...
 Unfortunately, this movie never made it to DVD...
 It was interesting to see how accurate the wri...
 Like a lot of movies involving little kids, th...
 Almost too well done... "John Carpenter's Vamp...
 A real blow-up of the film literally. This Bri...
 I actually really like what I've seen of this ...
 I am so insulted by this movie, it's not even ...
 Anyone who has ever gone on an audition can ce...
 Mani is back wit a Rathnam(gem) he manages to ...
 There are no people like "Show People" Marion ...
 Purple Rain is so cool for the dad. We Are Tra...
 Right from the start you see that "Anchors Awe...
 Is it possible to give a movie NO STARS? I sup...
 This has to be the ultimate chick flick ever. ...
 I've often wondered just how much CASPER was m...
 This movie could have been an impressing epic,...
 For all its many flaws, I'm inclined to be cha...
 I swear, that zombie was killed like twice, an...
 "The Man in the Moon" is a beautifully realist...
 Maddy (Debbie Rochon) is a mentally unstable y...
 This DVD appears to be targetted at someone wh...
 This is quite possible the worst movie ever ma...
 The violent and rebel twenty-five years old sa...
 Surprisingly good and quick-witted adventure t...
 We really liked this movie. It wasn't trying t...
 Another in a long line of flicks made by peopl...
 The movie is really cool, I thought. It sticks...
 A first time director (Bromell) has assembled ...
 (VERY mildly spoilerish)<br /><br />I must sta...
 The plot of this film might not be extraordina...
 weak direction, weak plot, unimpressive music,...
 Many people has got a film they think of as th...
 This is a pretty good made for TV flick of the...
 But if you like the muppets I defy you to disl...
 I saw one of the stage performances in Denver ...
 It looks b grade and you will probably think t...
 I think we are supposed to think what wonderfu...
 And so it started with "Shreik" a send up of h...
 I must have seen this on the television when i...
 This movie can be described in those 2 words "...
 Brown returned to his role from the year befor...
 I admit that I am a vampire addict: I have see...
 I am a kung fu fan, but not a Woo fan. I have ...
 "Dead Man Walking" is a film not about the dea...
 If you ever watched the Dukes of Hazard you kn...
 This film was basically Velvet Goldmine if the...
 The centerpiece of Lackawanna Blues is the cha...
 I really hope the makers of these "movies" rea...
 This movie is like Happiness meets Lost in Tra...
 This is an awesome Amicus horror anthology, wi...
 Well, this movie started out funny but quickly...
 Some of my favorite Laurel and Hardy films hav...
 I'm not gonna lie. To say that this movie is c...
 I watched "Fuckland" a long time ago. I lied i...
 I didn't expect much from this movie, it was j...
 I first saw this movie about 20 years ago and ...
 Containing Billy's famous humor, this more mod...
 If you just want gore, and nothing but gore an...
 Well the name in the summary should tell you e...
 It begins with a couple of disgusting sex-come...
 This moody, creepy horror flick begins on a ca...
 Labored comedy has I.R.S. agent Tony Randall i...
 This is a dry and sterile feature filming on o...
 This movie was extremely depressing. <br /><br...
 The interesting aspect of "The Apprentice" is ...
 To my eternal shame, I've never seen a silent ...
 I think the film makes a subtile reference to ...
 Spoiler: Bunch of passive-aggressive people ha...
 There's nothing new here. All the standard rom...
 There is no reason to see this movie. A good p...
 The basic premise of "Miami Golem" most defini...
 When I first saw this movie back in the middle...
 Lately, I've been watching a lot of westerns f...
 David Lynch shot his first film, 'Erasurehead'...
 I cannot believe how bad this piece of garbage...
 A movie I've seen and enjoyed possibly more th...
 Well its about time. I had really given up any...
 "Revenge of the Zombies" is a pretty weak and ...
 I saw this by accident one lazy summer afterno...
 There are a number of problems with this movie...
 Well, the movie isn't exactly "funny."<br /><b...
 I caught this one on cable and I was very surp...
 Oh, Man, talk about the effect of advertising....
 It's a shame that quality actors like Baldwin ...
 It is obviously illegal. Pedophiles pray on st...
 Wow. I thought, Eskimo Limon was the most awfu...
 I got this in The Horror Six-Pack from Echo Br...
 Not really all that much to this movie...eithe...
 We showed this movie at the local Film Society...
 I can't say that Wargames: The Dead Code is th...
 I agree with all the strenghts mentioned in th...
 I'ts like going around in a museum. You can ap...
 This movie is important to those of us interes...
 i really loved this version of Emma the best. ...
 People who say that some of what the Looney Tu...
 Age cannot tarnish the beauty of this East-wes...
 What can you say when you see a good French mo...
 The original Boogeyman was a silly but enterta...
 Schieder delivers a semi-believable part as th...
 "Tapeheads", a scrappy, intermittently funny s...
 Holy freaking God all-freaking-mighty. This mo...
 Why is it that Instant Noodles aren't instant,...
 Generally over rated movie which boasts a stro...
 Considering the limits of this film (The entir...
 Following on from the huge success of Nick Par...
 This is one of my all time favourites. All the...
 OK, so one night me and some friends decided t...
 Ok, basically this is a popcorn sci-fi movie, ...
 There's no shortage of bad dialogue in David a...
 This program was quite interesting. The way th...
 Other reviews have talked about how frank this...
 The Residents are a band known for their stran...
 Minor Spoilers<br /><br />Alison Parker (Crist...
 I am an avid Julie Andrews fan and I just watc...
 After viewing the film, I was truly shocked to...
 Bad movie. It´s too complicated for young chil...
 Yeah, well, I definitely had regrets about giv...
 An interesting animation about the fate of a g...
 This group of English pros are a pleasure to w...
 Having to have someone hold your hand whenever...
 The problem with the 1985 version of this movi...
 Another demonstration of Kurosawa's genius, hi...
 Czech movie goers may have enjoyed and rated t...
 This film tries to skewer the studio era in Ho...
 What happens when an army of wetbacks, towelhe...
 Visually interesting, but falls flat in the or...
 Sergio Martino is a great director, who has co...
 Its spelled S-L-A-S-H-E-R-S. I was happy when ...
 "Tempest" is a somewhat self-indulgent, uneven...
 hi I'm from Taft California and i like this mo...
 What can I say? This was one awful movie to wa...
 Dear Mr Ram Gopal Varma, I don't know in which...
 Yes, CHUNKY, this is the nick-name that Donna ...
 There are pretty landscape shots. Writers putt...
 I agree with what "veinbreaker" wrote with reg...
 This 3-hour made-for-TV miniseries came home w...
 Some spoilers If you are a big horror movie fa...
 Six Degrees is a wonderful show! I watched the...
 Well the previews looked funny and I usually d...
 A brilliant movie about family, guilt, sacrifi...
 I too had waited a long time to see this film....
 This film is just really Great. I don't know w...
 While Rome goes mad celebrating Hitler's visit...
 Cypher is a movie well worth seeing because it...
 Watching this movie was a waste of time. I was...
 Remember that this came out before Gulf War I,...
 Human Traffic is purely a `been there, done th...
 One of the worst shows of all time. The show w...
 Wow it's ironic since this movie has been out ...
 I thought this film was amazing and I laughed ...
 Now I had the pleasure of first viewing Contam...
 First off let me say, If you haven't enjoyed a...
 As a huge fan of the original Operation Delta ...
 This movie is a ripoff of James Cain's novel, ...
 From the first moment, this "thing" is just an...
 Okay...so I am gazing through my Mom and Dad's...
 When I read the back of the DVD case, I though...
 "D.O.A" is an involving and entertaining littl...
 this is quite possibly the worst acting i have...
 Highly recommended to all those who appreciate...
 I Liked this move when I was a kid, but now th...
 Thirty years prior to THE DEER HUNTER came thi...
 St. Elmo's Fire has no bearing on life after u...
 It's too slow paced and complex for children, ...
 Take it from me as a camera man who worked for...
 This movie is based on the series Street Fight...
 "The Kite Runner" is one of the most controver...
 I've seen 'nurse betty' twice in september 200...
 This was a very good show. I enjoyed the const...
 I have to say, Krasinski is the only reason I ...
 Good, funny, straightforward story, excellent ...
 But then again, what ever is? I picked this up...
 I remember seeing this in the early 90's on UK...
 Despite the (English) title, this seems to hav...
 The short film which got Gaspar Noe on the mov...
 Previous commentators have noted the similarit...
 What really amazed me about this film was that...
 I am a MAJOR fan of the horror genre! I LOVE h...
 I really refused to see this movie. I refused ...
 Robert Florey and James Wong Howe gave this a ...
 It's boggles the mind how this movie was nomin...
 This isn't the best romantic comedy ever made,...
 This was my second time watching the film (via...
 All I can really say is that I'm glad that I w...
 "An astronaut (Michael Emmet) dies while retur...
 I'm sure that not many people outside of Austr...
 You've got to admire director Todd Sheets for ...
 If you are going to attempt building tension i...
 I was very disappointed in this 1970 film base...
 A hint I think may be gathered by the various ...
 the worst sequel I've ever seen. really awful ...
 There's a certain allure I've always found in ...
 Sammi Cheng & Andy Lau are coupled yet again i...
 A movie like this doesn't come along too often...
 I like Chris Rock, but I feel he is wasted in ...
 The original "Cube" is a fantastic B-movie ric...
 Jud Nelson is an aspiring actor who becomes in...
 For an indy film this is probably a bit better...
 This is not a movie that I would typically wat...
 This was the eighth and final Columbia Whistle...
 I agree with those reviews I have read here, a...
 When I first saw this movie,I also expected "o...
 In my life I have seen many great and awful mo...
 I'm so glad I taped this film when it came on ...
 I saw the first House of the Dead and expected...
 Guy Pearce looks like and acts like a Calvin K...
 Plot Synopsis: When his wife, a news reporter,...
 I must have missed a part of this movie... I f...
 There is, as many reviews have observed, a str...
 Sorry, but Jacqueline Hyde (get it??? - Jack L...
 This is another one of those movies I just kne...
 This film is strictly for fans of Debbie Reyno...
 Let me state at the outset that I have Cerebra...
 I have seen this film on a Sunday evening and ...
 This film was a big disappointment.<br /><br /...
 Slackers is just another teen movie that's not...
 My dog recently passed away, and this was a mo...
 Holy cow, what a piece of sh*t this movie is. ...
 The extended nuclear family, united in busines...
 This is by the far worst piece of cr4p I've ev...
 This is a very rare example of a movie about t...
 The Regard of Flight and the Clown Bagatelles ...
 Warning: contains a spoiler. Corny plot and in...
 This happens to be one of my favorite horror f...
 My wife and I have watched this whole series a...
 As a teenager, I was pretty into the whole Big...
 I read about this movie in a magazine and I wa...
 WOW!<br /><br />I just was given this film fro...
 As has been noted, this formula has been filme...
 Has there ever been a movie more charming than...
 my name is Heather and i am the girl whose sto...
 I watched this movie, having never read the bo...
 The brilliance of this film lies not in the fi...
 I tired on several attempts to sit down and wa...
 Of the Korean movies I've seen, only three had...
 This is without a doubt the WORST sequel I hav...
 This movie was horrible, simply put. It was so...
 I fail to see the appeal of this series (which...
 Angel-A is a change of pace for Besson; monoch...
 Seriously disappointing performance by Brad Pi...
 Ah yes, it's yet another retelling of the clas...
 One of the many backwoods horror's that came o...
 "Someones at the Door". OHHH, How I miss this ...
 Three American lads are backpacking their way ...
 Bad acting. Bad writing. This was a poorly wri...
 This is an example of what film school lecture...
 Obviously a lot of talented behind the scenes ...
 This was quite possibly the worst movie I have...
 This really was the worst movie I have ever se...
 I imagine Victorian literature slowly sinking ...
 Polyester was the very first John Water's film...
 I'll be honest with you...I liked this movie. ...
 I tell you although it is funny how how this m...
 Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham...
 Hello I am from Denmark, and one day i was hav...
 A satire about greed and money, what? There is...
 There were a lot of films made by Hollywood du...
 In the early 1970s, many of us who had embrace...
 As the '70's drew to a close, rumours began to...
 The film is based on a genuine 1950s novel.<br...
 The Cat in the Hat is just a slap in the face ...
 It's curious that the two stars of Meet The Pe...
 Okay, first off, Seagal's voice is dubbed over...
 Set in a middle class neighborhood in the imag...
 Talk about rubbish! I can't think of one good ...
 I watched the this the other night on a local ...
 This movie is very much like "Flashdance", you...
 I'm not a John Cleese completist (although I t...
 I am utterly astonished at how over-rated "Cem...
 Since I first saw this in the theater it has b...
 You thought after "Traumschiff Surprise" that ...
 If you enjoy romantic comedies then you will f...
 First off, let's start with the negative point...
 After seeing You've Got Mail and feeling disap...
 ARMED AND DANGEROUS is not one of the greats o...
 I was excited to see this show when I started ...
 -may contain spoilers-<br /><br />Clearly, who...
 I think that that creator(s) of this film's co...
 What a waste of time to watch this movie. Poor...
 How can you make a joke about Mafia? It is not...
 I was hooked from beginning to end. Great horr...
 I've seen every episode, and the characters ha...
 Angela Johnson (Pamela Springsteen--yes she's ...
 I just have to throw my two cents in. Relax, i...
 I recently watched the '54 version of this fil...
 Excellent example of the disaster that happens...
 I originally saw this movie as a boy at the ol...
 The characters was as unoriginal it hurts. The...
 James L. Brook is one of those directors who a...
 I don't know what the previous reviewer was wa...
 Other than Susan Hayward's wooden delivery thr...
 Four macho rough'n'tumble guys and three sexy ...
 Elmer Fudd is laughing while lounging in his e...
 Although I think the reviewers who hated this ...
 For those of you still in the dark, I will not...
 Journey to the Center of the Earth is the stor...
 Since their nasty divorce from the Disney Comp...
 First off, the movie was not true to facts at ...
 Who ever wrote the two or three glowing review...
 The British production company Amicus is gener...
 So i had low expectations for this movie to st...
 This movie was directed by Victor Nunez who al...
 Zero Day leads you to think, even re-think why...
 And again, I find myself in the minority.<br /...
 My grandmother bought me this film when I was ...
 From a perspective that it is possible to make...
 This movie has received a lot of bad press fro...
 I came at this film with high expectations. I ...
 "Diary of Sex Addict" is a pathetic attempt at...
 Jamie Foxx is my favorite comedian. However, I...
 I saw this at the San Francisco Independent Fi...
 The third film in a cycle of incomparably bril...
 I'm normally a fan of Bruce Willis, and despit...
 I stopped watching lost at this episode becaus...
 I especially liked the ending of this movie--I...
 I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by th...
 This film has a special place in my heart, as ...
 It's hard to believe that in 1997 David Duchov...
 It was nice to see all the familiar characters...
 Sabrina the Teenage Witch was one of my favori...
 That's what I kept asking myself during the ma...
 go get your camcorder, your little brother, an...
 This movie is about three teens who have been ...
 I recently saw I.Q. and even though I'm not a ...
 This film actually manages to be mindless enjo...
 Persuaded by the 7.0 points in IMDb, which is ...
 I was 5 years old when I saw this musical movi...
 I have never seen such a movie before. I was o...
 All I have to say is that this movie is the bo...
 Though not in the whole film, Andy Griffith ag...
 Too bad neither the animals or Eddie Murphy ha...
 Kazuo Komizu, who hasn't made one decent film,...
 Seeing "Moonstruck" after so many years is a r...
 KK should stick to singing- this whole movie w...
 This has to be one of the best comedies on the...
 A vehemently cynical, sarcastic and intense fi...
 I think that this movie is very fun and horror...
 I saw this when on The Wonderful World of Disn...
 It surprises me that I actually got the courag...
 Roll up! Roll up! It's Big Gay Bruce and his B...
 Anyone remember the first CKY, CKY2K etc..? Ba...
 It was so disjointed - it seemed to jump from ...
 This is easily one of the worst 5 movies I've ...
 With that line starts one silly, boring Britis...
 Thankyou for making such a wonderful escape . ...
 There are so many comments on this film, yet I...
 I was really impressed with this film. The wri...
 I had my son for the weekend and my parent's c...
 You know, as you get older, you somehow think ...
 Am I the only person who believes this America...
 Where the heck is Andreas(Trond Fausa Aurvaag)...
 This film has an excellent premise and is real...
 Let me confess. I found this video used and bo...
 JUST CAUSE is a flawed but decent film held to...
 Hmm, is it right to compare Tiffani Thiessen a...
 Two young friends grow up together in Afghanis...
 Please, someone stop Ben Stiller from acting i...
 After viewing "Whipped" at a distributor's scr...
 This is one the worst movie I've seen and cert...
 Attention, possible spoilers<br /><br />This f...
 As a 90 minute experience, it is not up to the...
 1930's comedy mystery about "The Crooked Circl...
 William M. Thackeray once said "A good laugh i...
 This is the best movie I've seen since White a...
 I have never seen a movie as bad as this. It i...
 I sought out a copy of The Forest because I wa...
 In his directorial debut, Denzel Washington ta...
 'Anne Christie' was Garbo's 14th film and the ...
 Like the previous commentator on this film, I ...
 I really enjoyed the detail that went into the...
 Pretty good film from Preminger; labyrinthine ...
 This happened to be just starting on TV when I...
 This 1973 remake of the classic 1944 Billy Wil...
 This movie is little more than poorly-made, fe...
 This movie purports to be a character study of...
 For a teenager who has never read Austen, this...
 I liked this movie very much. Although this mo...
 After "Beau travail", everybody was waiting fo...
 The TV ads for this movie showed the warlocks ...
 I just happened to stumble to this film and ch...
 A rather charming depiction of European union ...
 (Spoilers)<br /><br />I was very curious to se...
 (Some Spoilers) Sweeping into New York City on...
 Too bad Mike Meyers picked this for his dramat...
 I just watched the movie tonight and i found i...
 spoiler--<br /><br />In 1993, African-American...
 I enjoyed this show, it was on in the uk, but ...
 If the only sex you've ever had is with a farm...
 Snakes on a Train starts as Mexican couple Bru...
 Jean Harlow and Clark Gable were a great on sc...
 I can remember seeing this movie as a kid in 1...
 The influences of other science fiction and th...
 There's nothing worse than renting an Asian mo...
 Ask a thousand people what the greatest uninte...
 In the year 2000 (keep in mind, this is two ye...
 " I have wrestled with death. It is the most u...
 Based on the 2007 spy novel by David Ignatius,...
 Taking a break from his escapist run in the ea...
 A lot of the comments people have made strike ...
 This movie is just like every other dutch movi...
 I do not know what some of these filmmakers ar...
 One of the more obscure of Anthony Mann's West...
 A great, funny, sweet movie with Morgan Freema...
 THHE2 is entertaining in that you'll laugh a l...
 Are sea side resorts the sad, dreary places th...
 Heart of Darkness was terrible. The novel was ...
 Well, I just discovered that there is a show m...
 To me this was more a wake up call, and realiz...
 I'm a big fan of Thomas Harris,I read all his ...
 This film is another example of the curse of e...
 Adorable! I saw Domestic Import in Philly in O...
 I suppose this is what is called Southern Goth...
 All the Airport movies are stinkers, but this ...
 I think it definitely is. The writing is of su...
 I just watched this film again and remain dism...
 Smallville episode Justice is the best episode...
 This is the second part of 'The Animatrix', a ...
 Dan, the widowed father of three girls, has hi...
 Wolfgang Peterson directs this thriller that h...
 I watched this movie on a big screen a few mon...
 Even though this film was nothing special as s...
 Dire beyond belief. Obviously set on the Isle ...
 Who should watch this film? Anyone who has eve...
 Despite the gravity of the subject and probabl...
 With David Arquette starring you would immedia...
 Just watched it on the Hallmark Channel. I was...
 (This review does not necessarily expose the p...
 This movie is stunningly free from storytellin...
 This film has some rather shocking scenes and ...
 This is one of the most cerebral insightful mo...
 First of all.....<br /><br />What the hell? Wh...
 The skeleton of the story is that the main cha...
 I liked it, i really did. Please don't think t...
 I'm an action movie fan but until today I've n...
 THANK GOD YOU'RE HERE is painful, positively p...
 Horrendous! I'm a teenager and I don't mind te...
 Robert DeNiro plays the most unbelievably inte...
 Halloween is a film I have to get out and watc...
 I've had to change my view on the worst film i...
 The 1967 In Cold Blood was perhaps more like "...
 This was one of the best shows ever made for T...
 This movie really has no beginning or end. And...
 I realize a period piece is expensive to make,...
 I had no idea of the facts this film presents....
 This is a tedious movie. The real villains are...
 Oh gosh,I'm really fed up with all these gener...
 I saw the movie on its North American premiere...
 OK, here is my personal list of top Nicktoons ...
 The actors did a really good job playing their...
 I read Tom Robbins' EVEN COWGIRLS GET THE BLUE...
 The beginning of this movie is excellent with ...
 Definitely a very good idea,screenplay was jus...
 An excellent cast who do their best with an aw...
 This is one of my favorite films, ever. The st...
 I have seen this movie. This movie is the best...
 I first rented this film many years ago, and w...
 I am not afraid of bad movies. I like bad movi...
 Not a stunner, but a good movie to see once or...
 Me and my friend rented this movie for $2.50. ...
 Most Christmas movies have a "redemption" them...
 I decided to watch this because of the recomme...
 Joan Fontaine is "A Damsel in Distress" in thi...
 Certain filmmakers can do no wrong in the eyes...
 I found West Point to be an agreeable film, al...
 i love this movie. is it on air anymore? what ...
 I had heard some not too good things about thi...
 I honestly don't know what words IMDB will all...
 It seems Hal Hartley's films are kind of hit o...
 The film begins with a bunch of kids in reform...
 This is a great little film, that's very uniqu...
 All right, there's no way to sugarcoat this. T...
 I wanted to see this movie because I liked "Ka...
 Firetrap is yet again another bad action film ...
 I have given this film an elevated rating of 2...
 I had to see this on the British Airways plane...
 Everyone in this movie tells Raffy Carruthers ...
 Darius Goes West is a film depicting American ...
 First off, I would like to say that I am a fan...
 Tycus is one of the worst films direct to vide...
 "Gunga Din": one of the greatest adventure sto...
 I got this movie for fifty cents at a going ou...
 The Last Command (1928) is a silent film direc...
 This review took longer to write than I took t...
 Out of boredom and vast curiosity, I decided t...
 I do admit that my review is from a 2006 point...
 The Jaws rip off is the trashiest of the all t...
 I would like to say something different about ...
 Hey! The Grudge 2! What up, man? I have a frie...
 The powerhouse cast pulls the crowd in the the...
 I've probably been spoilt by having firstly se...
 I have recently become a huge fan of Patton Os...
 I was actually around 13 years old camping nea...
 This is one of the great movies of all time. T...
 Hi, I have to say you got some wrong informati...
 Sublimity is the way we have to reach for The ...
 this film is wonderful film for students of fi...
 Very bad acting, and a very shallow story. Not...
 I just read an extra long review on the front ...
 I do not watch much television and came across...
 I'm not sure what the point of making this fil...
 I remember watching this on prime time when I ...
 A high school principal (Keenan Wynn) with a l...
 Wow, I love and respect pretty much anything t...
 I was pleasantly surprised with this one. It's...
 While originally reluctant to jump on the band...
 Predictable, gory, over-gimmicky, mediocre. Do...
 An absolutely brilliant film! Jiri Trnka, the ...
 This film is mesmerizing in its beauty and cre...
 Let me start off by saying that this doesn't s...
 I paid attention and enjoyed the very rich exp...
 I was recommended this movie by one of my film...
 In this truly fascinating, dark film, a young ...
 The movie Razor Blade Smile has an interesting...
 With all thats going on in the world sometimes...
 I think it's incredibly hard to write any kind...
 Although there is very little plot and whateve...
 Let's get one thing straight; This was BAD! So...
 Linda Arvidson (as Jennie) and Harry Solter (a...
 Sly Stallone is hardly the finest actor in the...
 HAPPY DAYS was one of my favorite shows when i...
 This has to be one of the worst films of the 1...
 The Hamiltons tells the story of the four Hami...
 This show can most accurately be described as ...
 B.B. Thornton proves to be a great actor in th...
 When I went and saw this movie, I had great ex...
 This is by far the worst Hemingway adaptation ...
 666: The Child starts as a plane crashes, the ...
 Arnold fans will holler in joy, fans of brainl...
 Having only seen five episodes of the show bef...
 When i started watching "Surface"for the first...
 "Think like a Dinosaur" was an well-produced &...
 Now all the kids and teenagers of Springwood, ...
 Mary Pickford becomes the chieftain of a Scott...
 Swayze doesn't make a very convincing Alan Qua...
 Algiers is not a classic, it is a perversion o...
 I like vampire movies, I like B-movies, I love...
 Even though i sat and watched the whole thing,...
 This movie was to me a fairly enjoyable watch,...
 If you haven't read Tolkien's masterpiece; pre...
 "The Crush" is a pleasant enough 40-something ...
 This documentary follows the lives of Big and ...
 The last film of John Huston, the great Americ...
 The Comebacks is a spoof on inspirational spor...
 Given the history of the director of this movi...
 Don't get me wrong. I really love the "arena-m...
 Its really been a long time since the last tim...
 What's the point? Hasn't this been done before...
 This is absolutely awful. It's everywhere & no...
 Starring Tomas Milian and Manny Perez  'Washi...
 "The Brak Show " is good .Probably not in the ...
 PLAN B has the appearance of a quickly made, u...
 Strained comedy, a sketch-like revue which was...
 "on our own" is a touching story of four kids ...
 Manna From Heaven is a light comedy that uses ...
 I had several problems with the movie: <br /><...
 Allow me to start this review by saying this: ...
 A blackly comic tale of a down-trodden priest,...
 Terrible acting, terrible script, wholly unrea...
 I saw this picture in 1940 for $.11 and I woul...
 I absolutely love this movie. I just managed t...
 Non-stop action and just about every conceivab...
 OK, I wanted to see this because it had a few ...
 Poor Paul Mercurio. After landing the role of ...
 Well, I AM "the target market" & I loved it. F...
 I had never read any of Sarah Waters' novels, ...
 If you enjoyed the TV Series, Diagnosis Murder...
 I like the film, it´s the best pirate-movie I ...
 This is one of those movies that should have b...
 Canthony is correct that this little short is ...
 The St. Francisville Experiment claims "this a...
 If this film was a comedy, I would have given ...
 Director Nico Mastorakis has made a cynical ca...
 What happens to washed up rock-n-roll stars in...
 The Egyptian Movies has A Lot Of Filmes With H...
 L'OSSESSA, also known as THE TORMENTED or THE ...
 Kurt Russell IS Elvis, plain and simple. His d...
 <br /><br />Won't be long on this movie. The f...
 Of course, he did have to INVENT EVERYTHING ab...
 The movie that would be included if Mystery Sc...
 I had been very curious to see the original si...
 I was initially interested in this film after ...
 Having lived in Michigan's Upper Peninsula (30...
 I truly wish I was not writing this review. I'...
 There are good-bad movies and bad-bad-movies a...
 The championship game is only a couple of days...
 so, i won't disagree with the critics but I re...
 This story starts at the end ! So the film's o...
 I think cheaters needs to be off the air and e...
 I'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say I ...
 The film notes describe the main role family, ...
 John Pressman (Micheal 'I shoulda called Ditec...
 This wonderfully witty comedy-drama wowed the ...
 Have you ever wondered what its like to feel F...
 The story of a drifter, his sheep ranch boss, ...
 Ross Hunter's musical remake of the 1937 fanta...
 This sword-&-sorcery story of an appallingly b...
 This juvenile, bland flick is strictly for tee...
 When I was 13 or so I was lucky enough to find...
 Seriously Reality Charity TV These producers m...
 This is crap....utter crap. I cannot believe a...
 This is a difficult movie to watch, and would ...
 I cannot believe this woodenly written and dir...
 I liked Chiba in Street Fighter, and I figured...
 It was probably watching this TV movie that go...
 Well, what can you say about sitcoms. There of...
 This movie is proof that film noire is an endu...
 Mahatma has been depicted as a man who neglect...
 This film simply has no redeeming features. Th...
 Just another film that exploits gratuitous fro...
 Life is really too short for movies like this....
 I thought this movie was hysterical. I have wa...
 I never expect a film adaptation to follow too...
 It seems that the intention of the film was to...
 Quite frankly it seemed like seven hours of bo...
 Poor second-string feature from Universal Pict...
 Jamie Foxx leads a brilliant cast in this powe...
 From the What Was She Thinking? file: Whoopi G...
 This film deserves another bad review. Conside...
 I am appalled to see that so many people have ...
 With part reconstruction and part direct shoot...
 This is a generally nice film, with good story...
 I don't understand why everyone hates this mov...
 After 'Aakrosh' , this was the second film for...
 I will spend a few days dedicated to Ron Howar...
 Excellent story-telling and cinematography. Po...
 Chilly, alienating adaptation of Rebecca West'...
 As a big fan of Brian Yuzna and the majority o...
 if you are dating a girl that is into wicca!<b...
 If you can stomach the campiness, this movie s...
 I can see little girls enjoying this show, but...
 The only reason to see this movie is for a bri...
 The movie may be great. I just watched it last...
 But the fun is in the journey.<br /><br />I fo...
 This is one incredibly standard western, that ...
 The undoubted highlight of this movie is Peter...
 Quite honestly, The Omega Code is the worst mo...
 What can I say about it?It's another Hollywood...
 Being advertised as the most expensive movie e...
 There are some things I will never understand;...
 I commend pictures that try something differen...
 Okay, let's not get confused here. If this is ...
 This movie commits what I would call an emotio...
 With the death of GEORGE NADER, on 4 February ...
 Anna Kokkinos' success with' Head On' now begi...
 This is a quiet movie. It's a simple story abo...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 This has got to be one of the worst fillums I'...
 François Truffaut, Young Jerk of the "Cahiers ...
 Peter Falk is a diverse and accomplished actor...
 I was very impressed with this film. I would h...
 Well, this movie shows us that Mark Griffiths ...
 I know everyone said this movie was utter crap...
 The evil Professor Moriarty plots to gain cont...
 eXistenZ is an exploration of reality and virt...
 Chaplin is a doughboy in his final film of 191...
 This movie was a fantastic comedy. It had a lo...
 This was by far the worst low budget horror mo...
 My spouse & I found this movie to be very schl...
 ccmovieman-1 must be, as the reviewer in the N...
 I do not find this show at all funny. I actual...
 Karl Jr and his dad are now running an army on...
 I like films that don't provide the typical "h...
 Here is another low quality movie from the "Di...
 This is one of the best Hong Kong (action) fil...
 While some scenes of training were realistic, ...
 A middle aged man, Robert Jordan, set in his w...
 Here's the good news first. "Spirit" is the mo...
 Very shortly: a bad film. If you are looking f...
 I love buying those cheap, lousy DVD's from Al...
 "FULL HOUSE," in my opinion, is an absolute AB...
 I loved this film, which I have just seen at t...
 As serials go "Zorro's Fighting Legion" is one...
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever se...
 This wonderful little film has all of the elem...
 In 1948 this was my all-time favorite movie. B...
 In the DVD era, you would think you could find...
 Love and human remains directed by Denys Arcan...
 I cannot understand why this 1971 Hollywood pr...
 I've read some grumbles about the court scenes...
 I just watched the DVD of this award winning f...
 This game was one of the main reasons I actual...
 I just saw this film on Turner Classic Movies ...
 In all the comments praising or damning Dalton...
 I spent almost two hours watching a movie that...
 The premise is simple. This movies starts out ...
 I gave this loooooooooooong film a "2" because...
 Yes its an art... to successfully make a slow ...
 I used to love watching "Sabrina, the Teenage ...
 I find myself alarmed that people are not so c...
 For a while I was caught in the trap where I f...
 After watching this movie, I felt as if I had ...
 Ah, the infamous "Guinea Pig" series...I hones...
 Let's cut to the chase: If you're a baby-boome...
 I would have liked to write about the story, b...
 I have watched two episodes so far, I really l...
 I felt asleep, watching it!!! (and I had ticke...
 I first saw this film when I was about 6 ish -...
 Man I must say when I saw the trailer I was ex...
 Upon writing this review I have difficulty try...
 A powerful debut film from Murali K. Thalluri ...
 This is a great game! Okay perhaps it didn't h...
 House of Games is spell binding. It's so nice ...
 This is one of those movies - like Dave, Ameri...
 This one is quite a nice surprise. Cute little...
 This thrown together piece of fecal matter add...
 I thought this film would be a lot better then...
 Very much a film from the times -- extremely l...
 The writers and creators of this film should a...
 What a waste of a great cast. Figured I'd chec...
 I stumbled across this (Act-I) by pure dumb lu...
 ROCK STAR is a well-told Hollywood-style rendi...
 This movie starts presenting a somehow origina...
 Admirably odd, though mean-spirited comedy-dra...
 The film is annoying.<br /><br />Technically, ...
 this show just sucks. i don't think i even nee...
 at the story. It is reality mixed with America...
 This movie is at times a wild 80s college sex ...
 This was absolutely one of the best movies I'v...
 A few bratty kids unwittingly unleash an evil ...
 What more can I say? The acting was, almost wi...
 The entire thing is very beautiful to look at....
 This was on the Saturday before Halloween this...
 Expectations were somewhat high for me when I ...
 I liked this film very much, as I liked before...
 CRYSTAL VOYAGER is a strange documentary about...
 Have seen this movie today. Very disappointed ...
 It's been a long time since I have been in the...
 I really don't know why I'm writting this. I t...
 Nothing new is this tired serio-comedy that wa...
 A low-rent, cheaply made police thriller that'...
 Anyone who has seen Ali G before, should be we...
 London Dreams, directed by Vipul Shah, is a fr...
 Writer-director Patrice Leconte takes a univer...
 Walerian Borowczyks La Bete (1975) was obvious...
 How does this movie suck? As a fan of Michael ...
 I thought this film was quite good and quite e...
 This movie was recommended to me by several pe...
 When I heard Patrick Swayze was finally return...
 When i got this movie free from my job, along ...
 El Padrino has just been released in Europe an...
 Wow... I mean WOW this has got to be one of th...
 Jimmy Wang Yu, an authentic Asian superstar, d...
 It's hard to rate films like this, because do ...
 I saw this movie when I was a kid and have bee...
 "My Blue Heaven" is boring. The plot is insipi...
 One of the best war films I have ever seen, if...
 Okay it is terribly, and I mean terribly, easy...
 I just watched this movie, by mistake. What a ...
 In the future of 1985, a governmental committe...
 Hey; Belmondo! Look there's Anna Karina! Great...
 LATTER DAYS <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.85:1<b...
 One of the lamer wedding movies you'll see. Sm...
 What was the purpose of this film? I suggest i...
 Cecil B. deMille's 1922 parlor-to-prison tearj...
 This seems like two films: one a dreary, prete...
 Before I start...let me say that I fully belie...
 This snarky, homophobic thing was dated in 197...
 A meteor hit's Crater Lake (hence our title), ...
 Two women, sick of their controlling husbands,...
 Larry Donner (Billy Crystal) has a crazy life:...
 Well, if you like pop/punk, punk, ska, and a t...
 This film was on late at night when I saw it. ...
 If you want to be cynical and pedantic you cou...
 I am not a footie fan by any means but watched...
 A flesh-eating octopus, where does that guy Bo...
 An extra is called upon to play a general in a...
 I saw not so fabulous rating on IMDb, but I we...
 I shouldn't even review this movie, since it's...
 Yeah, I'm sure it really could be a nation . ....
 This show is like watching someone who is in t...
 Very dull show. Whats worse, its very racist. ...
 Well i am going to go against the grain on thi...
 I haven't reviewed on IMDb before but this doc...
 I will start by saying that this has undeserve...
 For those who'd like to see this movie? I'd sa...
 This really is a cringe making exercise. Dress...
 "A Guy Thing" tries to capture the feeling of ...
 Just saw ICE AGE, a very funny and especially ...
 I can't believe that in the 34 prior comments,...
 I am amazed at how this movie(and most others ...
 I watched this film mistakenly thinking that i...
 Look, this movie is obscure, brilliant, and a ...
 **** SPOILERS THROUGHOUT **** This is a very s...
 I went into this film expecting it to be simil...
 We all know that countless duds have graced th...
 It is not always certain that by mixing comedi...
 The Dukes of Hazzard will academy awards!! Bes...
 This movie is one of the worst movies I have e...
 Well executed old and very dark house horror. ...
 That's what I felt like yelling as well as sto...
 Laughs, adventure, a good time, a killer sound...
 As an ex (nuclear) submarine officer I must ad...
 Before films like 'The Texas Chainsaw Massacre...
 I need to be honest. I watched and enjoy this ...
 I can't understand why they decided to release...
 Despite some mildly thought-provoking oddities...
 Any movie in which Brooke Shields out-acts a F...
 "Sasquatch Hunters" actually wasn't as bad as ...
 Really a terrible movie. It's to be expected, ...
 The movie is very lengthy and unfortunately pr...
 This movie had potential. If it had been handl...
 Those childhood memories...when things were ne...
 on this quagmire of mediocrity? You are SO muc...
 The only reason I wanted to see this was becau...
 The Dirty Harry series began with very gritty ...
 I saw this movie with a bunch of friends and a...
 When A Killer Calls has got to be the biggest ...
 PRICE OF HONOR aka PRICE OF POWER is an ambiti...
 Interesting tale of giant mammoth elephants ru...
 The movie adaptation of Heart of Darkness is d...
 The question is, can a movie this entertaining...
 This was far and away the worst movie i've eve...
 Sherlock Holmes (Basil Rathbone) and Dr. Watso...
 It's a shame that they didn't trust the origin...
 Honestly, on the subject of the death penalty,...
 The alternate title of Ecstasy, is Symphony of...
 The Jungle is more of an adventure than a scie...
 Pretty decent for his early work and no Kokaku...
 Three part "horror" film with some guy in a bo...
 Blade Runner (Deckard is a Replicant!), <br />...
 Before the days of home video, Stan Laurel's p...
 Yes, the votes are in. This film may very well...
 .... this movie basks too much in its own inno...
 Clearly patterned after the first gangster mov...
 The Stunts sequences (as well as the Special E...
 Sure, if you ask any mom who's the most beauti...
 For years i've had a distant memory of watchin...
 Billy Crystal is Larry, a writer who hasn't wr...
 I put in the DVD expecting camp perversion fro...
 I was mad anyone made this movie. I was even m...
 I found it highly interesting that the film ac...
 This film by Friðrik Þór, director of Children...
 May and her husband go to visit their children...
 There are two kinds of characters on THE SHIEL...
 This is 2009 and this way underrated gem has l...
 It's got Christopher Lee, it's got huge banks ...
 Strangeland is a terrible horror/technological...
 "Based on a joke once told by Jim Wynorski"......
 This is definitely one of the better documenta...
 This movie was the biggest piece of garbage I'...
 Spoiler Alert <br /><br />I have never seen co...
 This was a very entertaining movie and I reall...
 When this film was released in 1997 the 'speci...
 definitely the best game for N64 ever. I most ...
 I was so disappointed in this movie. I am very...
 I happen to be the director's nephew. It's tak...
 Dryly irreverent, but sadly unfunny satire of ...
 So...we get so see added footage of Brando...i...
 While in one country, Spain, Luis Bunuel and S...
 It must be a long time ago that I have seen su...
 Surprised to see the rather low score for this...
 Spoiler This movie is about such a concept. Wi...
 In NYC, seaman Michael O'Hara (Orson Welles) r...
 The Great Dictator is a beyond-excellent film....
 Amazing documentary. Saw it on original airdat...
 Consistency is perhaps this movie its biggest ...
 10 ITEMS OR LESS is one of those 'under the ra...
 I love musicals, all of them, from joyous Okla...
 I remember seeing this film years ago on, I th...
 A truly masterful piece of filmmaking. It mana...
 Terrible. There's no way to get around it. A s...
 Take a few dark and stormy nights, fog coming ...
 I enjoyed the beautiful scenery in this movie ...
 *********Ten out of Ten Stars********* <br /><...
 This film was total rubbish. I was sitting wat...
 Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure is a ...
 I saw this film before two weeks. It's kitsch,...
 There have been countless talking-animal films...
 A quick resumé: Almost nonexistent, badly chos...
 Let me say this new He-Man cartoon is not dest...
 I grew up on this classic western series, and ...
 "Jake Speed" is a fine movie with a wonderful ...
 Not bad performances. Whoopi plays the wise/wa...
 The premise is a bit better than the execution...
 Hilarious and low-budget comedy at it's best. ...
 If you have ever seen a Bollywood movie, you k...
 A spaceship returns from Mars; about a couple ...
 Having first read the novel, I don't mind,for ...
 " It had to be You" is another sign that Holly...
 Helen (Kate Capshaw) owns a bookstore in the s...
 FORGET CREDIBILITY<br /><br />You must not exp...
 This film is about a Japanese woman who has an...
 This movie was absolutely ghastly! I cannot fa...
 I have copied my video of this on to DVD so th...
 I almost laughed out loud when during the comm...
 It's unfortunate that you can't go any lower t...
 This movie was OK, as far as movies go. It cou...
 I was so disappointed by this show. After hear...
 This was talked about to death by the critics ...
 Two things haunt you throughout L'intrus (The ...
 Easily Lucio Fulci's most respected film, "Don...
 It is way beyond me how this script was ever s...
 Contrary to some people's summaries, the women...
 This is absolutely the best none-animated fami...
 I went to a small advance screening of this mo...
 A true masterpiece by Sorrentino and Tony Serv...
 When Patricia Newell is attacked after witness...
 First of all, as a long time student of the Ti...
 I've said this in other reviews, without a sto...
 an acted/manipulated documentary about one of ...
 I'm giving ten out of ten it's one of the best...
 My daughter liked it but I was aghast, that a ...
 Perhaps I couldn't find the DVD menu selection...
 John Leguizamo's "Freak" is one of the funnies...
 The filmmakers were clearly on drugs. That's t...
 I had high hopes for this film, even though I ...
 Clint Eastwood has definitely produced better ...
 This seemed to be a lackluster film to me that...
 This is the most difficult movie I have ever s...
 Sometimes, when seeking a movie nothing will d...
 Firstly,I must admit that it isn't a good movi...
 Fame, I think, was the best movie that I have ...
 As you can tell from the other comments, this ...
 A few summer space campers actually were accid...
 Abu, THE THIEF OF BAGDAD, helps King Ahmed reg...
 I'm no big fan of Martial Arts movies, but the...
 "What Alice Found" was a pleasant discovery. A...
 As some other comments show, this movie might ...
 Director Mikhail Kalatozov's film The Cranes a...
 Few movies have dashed expectations and upset ...
 This film, although not totally bad, should ha...
 Somebody called Howard Koch a schlockmeister b...
 Arthur is middle aged rich 'kid' who drinks li...
 this movie is such a moving, amazing piece of ...
 Poor Will would be rolling over in his grave i...
 I have read almost all the books by now, and h...
 This film is so bad, you can't imagine. The ac...
 The Dentist was made on the time when almost e...
 Wow. As soon as I saw this movie's cover, I im...
 Man, if anyone was expecting a great zombie mo...
 Fully deserving its prestigious Hollywood awar...
 I think not! I mean yeah if you compare this f...
 Here's what I knew about "Atlantis" before wat...
 This is a true gem of a TV film. Based on a co...
 Aubrey Davis (Amber Tamblyn) travels to Tokyo ...
 Perhaps it's just the format of this film, a d...
 B Movie? Yes. DIY? Yes. First Movie? Yes. But ...
 No one said that in "The Big Trail" and I thou...
 Certainly this proves beyond a shadow of doubt...
 If you are looking for a cinematic masterpiece...
 I was into the movie right away. I've seen the...
 I have been a fan of Without A Trace from the ...
 Strangely erotic schlock Gothic horror that wi...
 Unfortunately House of D is just awful, with a...
 Here it is.. the first EVER episode of Friends...
 The precise text of an ad (except the word Chi...
 It kept me on the edge of my seat. True, the s...
 This is a romantic comedy with the emphasis on...
 Im going to keep this fairly brief as to not s...
 I cannot believe I let myself rent that piece ...
 I got this movie in a bargain bin, hoping for ...
 Dr. Mordrid, what can I say? Jeffrey Combs has...
 Wow. Some movies just leave me speechless. Thi...
 There is a lot wrong with this movie. It can b...
 this is best showing of what i think jesus rea...
 I hate to be the one to rain on a parade (even...
 This is very nearly a perfect film. The ideas ...
 Don't waste time reading my review. Go out and...
 It reaches the minds and feelings of everyone ...
 I get to the cinema every week or so, and regu...
 Surely the best film directed by Claude Lelouc...
 I'll dispense with the obvious review of factu...
 With Al Jolson at the height of his popularity...
 Too many secondary plot lines without a primar...
 This is a solid underrated little thriller, th...
 First lesson that some film makers (particular...
 For your own good, it would be best to disrega...
 I've seen the movie only recently, although it...
 This movie is very difficult to understand, wh...
 This is an old-dark-house movie. A young coupl...
 I couldn't disagree more with those who says t...
 Fata Morgana is, by far, one of the weirdest a...
 I saw this movie the day it opened in NYC, at ...
 Many questions arise about the making of this ...
 This is one of the best musicals of the 1940s....
 I really wish i could give this a negative vot...
 In the first twenty minutes we are swept away ...
 I own this movie. And it is terribly hard to f...
 This Cannon Movie Tale is the worst of the lot...
 I saw it last night on TV, and was quite delig...
 Charlie Wilson (Two time Oscar-Winner:Tom Hank...
 I thought that this movie was going to be tota...
 Daffy Duck has signs hanging from every inch o...
 The costumes and make-up were grand, there wer...
 This is one of those movies that you keep thin...
 David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes play a youn...
 I rented The Matrix Revisited with a friend of...
 I was pleasantly surprised to find a very enjo...
 This early John Wayne Lone Star western has a ...
 I love watching Jerry as much as the rest of t...
 A great gangster film.Sam Mendes has directed ...
 This is a story of two dogs and a cat looking ...
 I enjoyed THE MUPPET MOVIE very much. It was t...
 I just watched the DVD version of BORN BAD and...
 I loved this movie, I'll admit it. This has to...
 This movie is very entertaining and is never e...
 Sex Lives of the Potato Men is about the sex l...
 This is Clive Barker's masterpiece in my opini...
 That's how I'd sum it up! There were other who...
 When I first started watching this anime I nev...
 Watching ALIEN EXPRESS inspired feelings of aw...
 Del - "You are the dumbest smart person I've e...
 I just saw this film and I recommend it. It ha...
 It comes as no surprise that Larisa Shepitko w...
 Normally, I do not review online, but it's Sat...
 Released on DVD in the UK as Axe, The Choke is...
 I'll just be vague about my potential spoiling...
 As bad as this movie is, I really like it. The...
 "The Charge at Feather River" is a routine Wes...
 This is such a beautiful movie! Not only does ...
 Director Samuel Fuller concocts a brilliant vi...
 I read some previous comments stating that thi...
 Yes, about the only thing this film is memorab...
 This is the first Woody Allen film I've found ...
 When I first heard that Jack Black and Kyle Ga...
 If I had to pick the most depressing movie, tr...
 When you have waited years to see a film that ...
 This move is absolutely, most certainly one of...
 I left the theater, and I was only 10 years ol...
 The movie Titanic makes it much more then just...
 Night Hunter starts in '1968' as a young Jack ...
 This is the type of film that may need to be v...
 A stunningly harrowing account of two soldiers...
 Time has not been kind to this movie. Once con...
 The story of the bride fair is an amusing and ...
 Many of the criticisms on this thread seem to ...
 Michael Polish's hypnotic "Northfork" is a fil...
 A really realistic, sensible movie by Ramgopal...
 Marvin(Rob Schneider)does not have the ingredi...
 Please, help the economy - spend your money el...
 This is one of those religious horror films wh...
 Walker Texas Ranger is one of the worst shows ...
 I gave this 8 stars out of a possible 10. It h...
 A tough sell: British playwright Ronald Harwoo...
 Disappointing musical version of Margaret Land...
 When our local TV station first launched, it f...
 I'm still trying to figure out if there was a ...
 Macbeth is one of the most frequently told sto...
 Am I wrong,or is the 2007 version just a rip-o...
 1. I've seen Branaghs Hamlet: Branagh is too o...
 As the film opens, two thugs kill another thug...
 I am Anthony Park, Glenn Park is my father. Fi...
 <br /><br />The author tried to make a Kevin S...
 The worst ever Korean movie! The plot is ridic...
 Actor turned director Liev Schreiber (The Sum ...
 When I saw this film, it reminded me of all th...
 Having set the sitcom world alight with 'Fathe...
 A mess of genres but it's mainly based on Step...
 I was interested in the topic, and only fans o...
 Not worth the video rental or the time or the ...
 Not only did they get the characters all wrong...
 A study in bad. Bad acting, bad music, bad scr...
 I was expecting a movie similar to Deuce Bigal...
 What a night. Perry Mason then Have Gun, Will ...
 Recently was traveling in Norway from Bergen, ...
 When I first saw this film it was not an impre...
 The game was made in 1996, but it is still goo...
 This movie is something horrible. I was laughi...
 This movie is the perfect illustration of how ...
 This was a crappy, miserably acted movie based...
 When people say children are annoying u think ...
 I'm not sure who should be blamed for this deb...
 This is a spin off of Pulp Fiction. I thought ...
 I just don't understand why anytime someone do...
 I was forced to watch this whole series of fil...
 There are no spoilers in this review. There's ...
 the fact that there was so much fuss is ironic...
 I cant understand at all why so many Godzilla ...
 Kim Basinger stars as Della, a desperate house...
 Redo the Oscars from 1992, and this film might...
 Watched this film having really enjoyed Gregor...
 I was so looking forward to seeing this when i...
 To identify this movie as a vampire movie woul...
 I think if you were to ask most JW's whether t...
 This movie literally had me rolling on the flo...
 I voted 8 for this movie because of some minor...
 Anyone who is a sucker for 1920s jazz, 1920s d...
 Rutger Hauer helps along a film that basically...
 Passionate, dramatic, riveting as Flamenco its...
 This movie was released by Roger Corman, so yo...
 Lensman is a rather lesser-known Anime gem fro...
 Three words: Piece of Art. This film is just g...
 This movie was worth five punches on my "hurte...
 Excellent performance. There still are good ac...
 No wonder this movie never saw the light of da...
 *** SPOILERS *** <br /><br />this movie always...
 Another period piece for Chen Kiage... (can't ...
 Fantastic Russian WWII movie. Like most Russia...
 I am writing this review simply because I am a...
 Okay, 'enjoy' is a pretty relative term, but f...
 I will admit that I have seen maybe five minut...
 Typical story of an evil kid going after peopl...
 Robert Standish's novel is about a triangular ...
 Hammer House of Horror: Witching Time is set i...
 Although a tear jerker it is definitely a "fee...
 I'd have given this film a few stars, simply b...
 I don't what that other review was talking abo...
 This motion picture has a steady, haunting pac...
 Here is an innovative television drama; which ...
 I taped this on Sundance and had no idea that ...
 This is a very cool movie. The ending of the m...
 Simon Pegg plays the part of Sidney Young, a y...
 This movie has successfully proved what we all...
 I had never even heard of ONE DARK NIGHT until...
 Face it, folks-- "DK3" is more challenging, in...
 Unlike Terms of Endearment and Steel Magnolia'...
 Curl up with this one on a dark and stormy nig...
 Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2x, isn't much differen...
 Having majored in Western History when I was a...
 I am giving this pretentious piece of garbage ...
 Plot Synopsis: Los Angeles in the future. Crim...
 In terms of visual beauty this movie is outsta...
 I mistakenly thought this was the 70's art fil...
 Nothing could have saved this movie, not even ...
 Viggo Mortensen stars as a new inmate of a hau...
 This 1998 film was based on a script by the la...
 This is a thinking man's silly movie. If you d...
 *Possible Spoiler*<br /><br />'Return to Cabin...
 One of eastwood's best movies after he had sep...
 I really liked this film. All three stars(Conn...
 This movie was by far the worst movie I've eve...
 I really love this movie, saw it again last we...
 I for one was actually expecting this movie to...
 We all know that the world is full of dodgy, r...
 This film is awful. The CGI is the very cheap ...
 A warmly sentimental tale from the author of T...
 Kokoda was inspired by events on the Kokoda tr...
 Recap: Ron is about to marry Mel. They are dee...
 In this strangely-lackadaisical apocalypse, th...
 I love this show. Period. I haven't been watch...
 A delightful and wonderful film, which has ent...
 Prepare to meet your Messiah - they call him M...
 i have now seen the whole of season one and ca...
 "Beowulf" is like a very bad game : no charact...
 "Flesh" is hard to describe with a solid summa...
 This without doubt one of the funniest and mos...
 ^^contains spoilers^^<br /><br />This movie is...
 This movie is such a waste of talented people ...
 This film has to be the worst I have ever seen...
 I've often heard people express disappointment...
 ...and Ethel Merman buffs, too, will love her ...
 Follows the usual formula in putting a new rec...
 I managed to obtain an original BBC broadcast ...
 Rock star John Norman Howard (Kris Kristoffers...
 Just Cause is one of those films that at first...
 There is somewhere in here the makings of a de...
 Domestic Import was a great movie. I laughed t...
 This a Casper the Friendly Ghost short from my...
 THE 40 YEAR-OLD VIRGIN (2005) **** Steve Carel...
 * Some spoilers *<br /><br />This movie is som...
 It's a pretty good cast, but the film has nowh...
 I went into a Video Store and looked around to...
 Another example of the unique talents of Cary ...
 Spoken like a true hard-boiled u'an gangsta. T...
 The actors & actresses on this series are OK, ...
 Pretty bad PRC cheapie which I rarely bother t...
 Talk about rubbish! I can't think of one good ...
 Dr. Lucio Fulci (Lucio Fulci) is a director of...
 Yes I admit I cried during this movie. It was ...
 I've bought certain films on disc even though ...
 The final pairing of Nelson Eddy and Jeanette ...
 I watch romantic comedies with some hesitation...
 I usually check out the MTV movie awards to wa...
 I just saw this film at the phoenix film festi...
 This is still the benchmark to judge all Golde...
 This is easily the worst movie i have EVER see...
 During a Kurt Weill celebration in Brooklyn, W...
 "Admissions" is a fine drama even though they'...
 The movie started very well..so far Isabelle's...
 Now let me tell you about this movie, this mov...
 it's a good watch if u have time - deals with ...
 I never saw this movie until I bought the tape...
 In 1904 Tangier, a wealthy American woman and ...
 OK Hollywood is not liberal.<br /><br />Obviou...
 This is the result of the town of Milpitas Cal...
 Also known in a different form as "House of Ex...
 It was (foolishly) with some degree of relish ...
 I wouldn't exactly call this a good movie, in ...
 This show lasted for most of the 1980s, and ha...
 I'm very interested in the overwhelmingly posi...
 Ghost of Dragstrip Hollow is a typical 1950's ...
 this movie has no plot, no character developme...
 Did Uwe Boll seriously just rip off the basic ...
 The movie wasn't all that great. The book is b...
 Here we have 2 misunderstood kids who never st...
 This project was originally conceived as the m...
 Not a bad MOW. I was expecting another film ba...
 Actually had to stop it. Don't get me wrong, l...
 To be honest at the time i first heard of this...
 I could not stand the woman who played the mot...
 I'll say one thing for Jeanette and Nelson--ev...
 I'm a big fan of Westerns but this one.... whe...
 Another entry in the "holiday horror" category...
 Most of the positive comments posted here are ...
 This is another example of a sucky sequel to a...
 A long-defunct prison, shut down for over 20 y...
 What an unusual movie.<br /><br />Absolutely n...
 This is an important historical film since it ...
 Well as you can see, I got to this party quite...
 Don't forget the lover on the side!! She is a ...
 Being a huge fan of Conte d'ete ( http://www.i...
 When you watch low budget horror movies as muc...
 To date this is still the worst piece of rubbi...
 ...then they will have a proper place to file ...
 Hayao Miyazaki has captured the imagination of...
 Another fantastic film from a country, where d...
 I'm surprised how many people give this move l...
 Uta Hagen's "Respect for Acting" is the standa...
 This is the first must see film I've seen in t...
 This is a really silly job of miscasting--abou...
 It's just that. Chucky 1 was good. Chucky 2 wa...
 If it smells like garbage and if it looks like...
 TDY is probably the single worst piece of tras...
 This comes close to the worst movie I've ever ...
 What a silly movie. While it looks nice, it do...
 The movie only enter the cinema in Indonesia t...
 I cannot believe I sat through this utter wast...
 I'm not sure why there are no articles or post...
 Some wonder why there weren't anymore Mrs. Mur...
 I can clearly see now why Robin Hood flopped q...
 The director of this movie is a famous french ...
 Anyone who actually had the ability to sit thr...
 I've been trying to remember the name of this ...
 The two new OSS 117 movies has a kind of humor...
 This was a well written tale of the Making of ...
 I approached this film with low expectations b...
 I was dying to see this once I saw the ridicul...
 Family Guy has to be my all time favorite cart...
 This was a marvelously funny comedy with a gre...
 There is no plot. There are no central charact...
 This show is awesome! I love all the actors! I...
 The fact that this movie has been entitled to ...
 I have to confess that I am severely disappoin...
 First off I want to say that I lean liberal on...
 I was excited to see a sitcom that would hopef...
 When you look at the cover and read stuff abou...
 Like many others, I counted on the appearance ...
 This movie was on t.v the other day, and I did...
 Hickory Dickory Dock was a good Poirot mystery...
 "One Crazy Summer" is the funniest, craziest (...
 Low-budget schlockmeister Herschell Gordon Lew...
 this was absolutely the most tragic pile of ci...
 I have never understood the appeal of this sho...
 "Mr. Bug Goes To Town" was the last major achi...
 This is one of my two or three favorite Stooge...
 This is supposed to be based on Wilkie Collins...
 Of all the British imperialist movies like Fou...
 James Cagney, racketeer and political ward hee...
 I loved this film. Not being a swooning Ed Woo...
 Having already seen the original "Jack Frost",...
 I had been subjected to this movie for a relat...
 This movie is stuffed full of stock Horror mov...
 There are times when finishing a film one wish...
 Another film to punish us for the crime of enj...
 When the Romulans come, they will not be beari...
 This was a movie that I had heard about all my...
 Let me begin by saying that there is no bigger...
 I wasn't really interested in seeing Step Up, ...
 I haven't seen BSG, I tried to watch it once i...
 Well, it turned out as I expected: visual over...
 Cooley High was actually a drama with moments ...
 This is a great movie for any fan of Hong Kong...
 I'm trying to understand what people liked abo...
 Loved the film! This was my first glimpse at b...
 Over Christmas break, a group of college frien...
 "The Mayor Of Hell" has the feel of an early D...
 This two-part TV mini-series isn't as good as ...
 The pilot is extremely well done. It lays out ...
 This miserable film is a remake of a 1927 film...
 I have to start off by apologizing because I t...
 This is Burt Reynolds'"Citizen Kane".Tragicall...
 Without a doubt, one of Tobe Hoppor's best! Ep...
 This must rank as one of Cinema's greatest deb...
 This anime is a must-see for fans of Evangelio...
 Don't see this movie. Bad acting and stupid go...
 I haven't any idea how commentators could rega...
 Office work, especially in this era of compute...
 This film was not only one of John Ford's own ...
 This familiar story of an older man/younger wo...
 I have to admit, that out of the many many thr...
 Andy Lau and Lau Ching-Wan are both superb in ...
 It Could Have Been A Marvelous Story Based On ...
 "Speck" was apparently intended to be a biopic...
 Fast-paced, funny, sexy, and spectacular. Cagn...
 as an actor I really like independent films bu...
 As much as I love Ellen Barkin (who is really ...
 While William Shater can always make me smile ...
 There seems to be an overwhelming response to ...
 Everyone likes the coolly created, memorable h...
 "Quai des Orfevres", directed by the brilliant...
 I admit I had some trepidation when I first sa...
 Once big action star who fell off the face of ...
 This film is just a shame. Orlando, Florida se...
 Brian Keith as Cole Wlikerson and Richard Jaec...
 You can find an anti-war statement here withou...
 Comedy Central has a habit of putting on great...
 Anyone who complains about Peter Jackson makin...
 This is pretty much a low-budget, made for TV,...
 This show seemed to be kinda good. Kyra Sedgwi...
 Had the League been unknowns pitching this scr...
 I am a huge fan of the comic book series, but ...
 Ride With The Devil directed by Ang Lee(Crouch...
 What could've been a great film about the late...
 Elisha Cuthbert plays Sue a fourteen year old ...
 I actually had seen the last parts of this mov...
 Woman with wig, who "dyes" her hair in the mid...
 It was 1974 and it starred Martin Sheen.<br />...
 I guess every time I see one of these old movi...
 Diane Keaton has played a few "heavy" parts in...
 The success of SCREAM gave birth to a whole ne...
 Despite unfortunately thinking itself to be (a...
 "Shadrach" was not my favorite type of movie. ...
 First things first! This isn't an action movie...
 In my review just submitted I referred to the ...
 I went to see this movie today, with hopes tha...
 The only previous Gordon film I had watched wa...
 This is a very dark movie, somewhat better tha...
 Based on the true story about Christopher Boyc...
 Many things become clear when watching this fi...
 I thought this movie was highly underrated. Th...
 I found this early talkie difficult to watch a...
 The good thing about this film is that it stan...
 Cutting to the chase: This is one of the most ...
 This is definitely one of the better Mel Brook...
 Still a sucker for Pyun's esthetic sense, I li...
 This is a beautiful film. The true tale of bon...
 turned out to be another failed attempt by the...
 It's quite simple that those who call this mov...
 Interesting story and sympathetic treatment of...
 This movie is my all time favorite movie! It h...
 I found this film embarrassing to watch. I fel...
 this took me back to my childhood in the 1950 ...
 This film suffers horrendously from its direct...
 Some people don't like the animation. Personal...
 "Winchester '73" marked the first of a series ...
 This is basically a goofball comedy, with some...
 If you're a fan of Turkish and Middle Eastern ...
 I don't know what it is about this movie, the ...
 The best way to have fun in this movie is to c...
 I went to see "Quitting" with high hopes, beca...
 This isn't the comedic Robin Williams, nor is ...
 This is one of THE century's best tv-series ev...
 Yes, Kazaam is one of those horribly bad movie...
 The film is very complete in what it is, keepi...
 I agree with "johnlewis", who said that there ...
 Another of my delves into the bargain bin, thi...
 Can only be described as awful. It is bad to s...
 I thought that this film was very enjoyable. I...
 Now before people start having a breakdown abo...
 Your mind will not be satisfied by this nobud...
 Engaging entry from Europe about Czech fighter...
 To be honest fellow IMDb reviewers, I enjoyed ...
 I am really surprised that this film only has ...
 The Late Shift is a great book, I read the boo...
 This movie is a terrible waste of time. Althou...
 After an undercover mission in Bucharest to di...
 Okay, so when a friend of mine told me he was ...
 First, a little summary. This reporter named T...
 Saw this last night and being a fan of the fir...
 Having seen the movie years ago and been disap...
 This is just a case of a previously worthless ...
 Otto Preminger, completing a noir cycle at Twe...
 I just got done watching "Kalifornia" on Showt...
 I thought this movie was good, I loved the plo...
 Just saw the movie this past weekend, I am ups...
 This is one of the best episodes of Doctor Who...
 No Strings Attached is one of Carlos Mencia's ...
 Let's face it, lot's of bad movies are made al...
 the movie is complete disaster. i don't know w...
 I'm afraid that you'll find that the huge majo...
 This was a crappy movie, with a whole lotta no...
 Las Vegas is very funny and focuses on the sub...
 "Black Vengeance" is an alternate title for "Y...
 Abysmal Indonesian action film from legendary ...
 I throughly enjoyed this short, even as a Toro...
 This movie has it all. Great actors, good dial...
 While the original First Blood had its far-fet...
 In Cold Mountain, North Colorado, near to the ...
 I just came back from a pre-release viewing of...
 A horror movie is being shot and things aren't...
 My guide for the quality of the a movie is if ...
 There are moments in the film that are so drea...
 I should have known I was in trouble with Casp...
 Unfortunately for myself - I stumbled onto thi...
 i really like this series. its funny and uniqu...
 To begin with, I really love Lucy. Her TV show...
 As a lover of the surreal (in art and film) I ...
 This small John Ford western with no 'stars' b...
 This early film has its flaws-- a predictable ...
 I wondered why I didn't like Peggy Sue Got Mar...
 I used to love the Muppets. The Muppet Movie, ...
 This was obviously the prototype for Mick Dund...
 As this movie is completely in Swiss dialect, ...
 It is a shame that a movie with such a good ci...
 I am pretty surprised to see that this movie e...
 I LOVED this movie because Bobbie Phillips can...
 Michael Caine might have tried to make a large...
 This is one of the rare movies that I did not ...
 Although the likeliness of someone focusing on...
 I was so looking forward to seeing this film t...
 One of the more enjoyable aspects of Asian cin...
 First of all, I loved Bruce Broughton's music ...
 While John Garfield seems to get the bulk of a...
 A beautiful piece of children's cinema buried ...
 This is a really great film in the pulp fictio...
 Not a terrible movie... But there are monster ...
 Police Story is arguably one of the best works...
 The first episode of 'Man to Man with Dean Lea...
 If you weren't there, then unfortunately this ...
 Not too keen on this really. The story is pret...
 I saw this on a cheap DVD release with the tit...
 Jochen Hick wrote and directed this little thr...
 Seeing as Keifer Sutherland plays my favorite ...
 The Ascent (1977) <br /><br />Larisa Shepitko ...
 J.S. Cardone directed a little known 'Video Na...
 I couldn't agree more with the other comment, ...
 This film is available from David Shepard and ...
 I recently rented this movie as part of a nost...
 I have always been a great admirer of Nicolas ...
 One of the best memories of my childhood. Shou...
 Don't bother. A little prosciutto could go a l...
 Well, I have to agree with the critics on this...
 This film lacked something I couldn't put my f...
 I have seen this film only the one time about ...
 I haven't read a biography of Lincoln, so mayb...
 Le conseguenze dell'amore (2004)is a beautiful...
 Want a great recipe for failure? Take a s****y...
 I can't believe I am just now seeing this film...
 This movie is well made, it is beautiful and w...
 Every once in awhile I'll remember that I've a...
 Deathtrap is not a whodunit. It's a who gonna ...
 This thing takes the horny teenager genre, ver...
 One of the finest films ever made! Why it only...
 FIVE STAR FINAL was one of the best films of t...
 I cannot remember a more trivial, mind numbing...
 What do you do if you're Aishwarya Rai, coming...
 This movie could have been oh so much better. ...
 I'm sitting around going through movie listing...
 Wow, my first review of this movie was so nega...
 This movie features a pretty decent FX sequenc...
 We're a long way from LAURA. Once again Otto P...
 I don't care what some of the reviews said, th...
 Very slow-paced, but intricately structured an...
 Anyone with a young boy in the house who won't...
 It's not surprising that the majority of highe...
 Stay the hell away from this one... No, really...
 I first heard of this film when Patton Oswalt ...
 I have been a rabid Star Trek fan since 1966. ...
 So so special effects get in the way of recapt...
 Was this based on a comic-book? A video-game? ...
 Perhaps I'm being too generous when I give thi...
 I started watching this movie expecting some b...
 Gojoe is part of a new wave of Japanese cinema...
 Happened upon a copy of this. Not mine and if ...
 Whoever saddled this piece of drek with a titl...
 Flame in, flame out. That seems to be Gammera ...
 This tale set in Wellington, New Zealand subur...
 George Sluizer of THE VANISHING fame ( He made...
 I really liked the movie, thought it was very ...
 I've seen "professional" reviews claiming Juli...
 Fabulous costumes by Edith Head who painted th...
 My wife and I took our 13 year old son to see ...
 and this movie has crossed it. I have never se...
 it's amazing that so many people that i know h...
 And you'd be right. Black Mama, White Mama, al...
 The Rookie suffers from so much. There are the...
 Ashley Judd, in an early role and I think her ...
 Klaus Kinski popped up in a sizable number of ...
 Christopher Lloyd is funny and really believab...
 Watched this flick on Saturday afternoon cable...
 I almost saw this at an actual movie theatre (...
 It appears that there's no middle ground on th...
 FORBIDDEN PLANET is one of the best examples o...
 I did not read anything about the film before ...
 Another trashy Grade Z quickie from the prolif...
 I rented this movie, thinking it looked like a...
 Who else other than Troma can take the classic...
 Significant Spoilers! <br /><br />This is a si...
 I just watched Nightbreed for the first time s...
 How do I begin? This movie is probably one of ...
 That's right. Ohwon (the painter and the main ...
 I watched this movie at a Sneak Preview screen...
 The trailer for this film promised a new twist...
 I stumbled upon this movie by accident. I mean...
 The script for this Columbo film seemed to be ...
 Talk about a dream cast - just two of the most...
 When I think about TV movies, I always think o...
 When this movie was released, it spawned one o...
 What the heck do people expect in Horror films...
 A family (A teenage boy, his mother and a step...
 Rated NR(would be Rated R for Pervasive Strong...
 How, in the name of all that's holy, did this ...
 Is there any other time period that has been s...
 Sure this movie is not historically accurate b...
 A man by the name of Joseph Samuels is found b...
 i watched all of the doctor who episodes that ...
 I first saw this movie about 4 years ago and i...
 I was able to see a preview of this movie thro...
 This movie is not very bad tjough. But one can...
 Hell to Pay was a disappointment. It did not h...
 This is the most elementary sort of traditiona...
 I love science fiction, I am fascinated by Egy...
 This movie was a littttle confusing at first. ...
 Parsifal (1982) Starring Michael Kutter, Armin...
 The movie has a good start portraying an inter...
 I first saw this film when I was in the 8th gr...
 How can this movie be described? Oh yeah I've ...
 The worse film i have every seen. Like the oth...
 IQ is a cute romantic comedy featuring two gre...
 This movie was great and I was waiting for it ...
 In a word, this film was boring. It lacked lif...
 this is awesome!!! there is no partnership qui...
 I don't have words to describe how good this m...
 Wow! I loved this movie and LOVE Judy Marte!! ...
 In "Anne of Green Gables" (1934), Marilla Cuth...
 I must preface this comment with a sort of adm...
 I saw True Crime when it was first released ba...
 This has the logical consistency of marshmallo...
 I'll say one thing about this film: there are ...
 ...however I am not one of them. Caro Diario a...
 Ugh. Unfortunately this is one of the worst mo...
 Oh dear me! Rarely has a "horror" film bored m...
 The film has weird annoying characters, strang...
 If Hollywood had the wellbeing of the audience...
 I am partly a fan of Miyazaki's work. I say "p...
 This is an excellent James Bond movie. Althoug...
 I watched this movie when I was a young lad fu...
 Bacall does well here - especially considering...
 The film largely focuses on a bullying Robert ...
 First off, I just want to say that this show c...
 This really is the worst movie I have ever see...
 Haven't seen the film since first released, bu...
 This is a bad movie in the traditional sense, ...
 I thought Anywhere But Here was a good movie.I...
 Richard Widmark is a tainted character in this...
 I believe the production value is OK..probably...
 I was not really a big fan of Star Trek until ...
 Okay, first of all I got this movie as a Chris...
 Stay Alive, Stay Alive, Stay Alive, I am calle...
 This might be my favorite so bad it's awesome ...
 If you still remember that summer when you had...
 As far as I can recall, Balanchine's alteratio...
 This movie about two Italian brothers who came...
 I have become quite fond of Laurence Olivier i...
 This movie probably seemed like a great idea i...
 This British-Spanish co-production is one of t...
 On the surface the idea of Omen 4 was good. It...
 This movie has got to be about one of the wors...
 I gave this movie a 2, and though I consider m...
 This movie was supposedly based on a non-ficti...
 Flavia(Florinda Bolkan of "Don't Torture a Duc...
 I first saw APOCALYPSE NOW in 1985 when it was...
 Bob Clampett's 'The Hep Cat' is a distinctly a...
 I think this film version of NORTHANGER ABBEY ...
 Hercules' son gets severely wounded during a l...
 I loved the first movie, the second one was ok...
 I love Ashley Judd and think all of her movies...
 One of the BEST movies I have seen in a very l...
 this film was probably the best "scary film" i...
 Dooley and his canine partner, Jerry Lee are t...
 Jenny Lewis plays an awkward girl called Jade....
 I love this movie. It is the first film Master...
 To make a film straddling the prequels and the...
 I waited a long time to finally see what I tho...
 A very disappointing film from Oliver Stone wh...
 Being 15 myself I enjoyed this flick thourough...
 One of my best films ever, maybe because i was...
 OK, not possibly, honestly the worst movie i'v...
 I have been an avid chipmunk fan since the lat...
 Big S isn't playing with taboos or forcing an ...
 Lina McLaidlaw is a bright, solitary young wom...
 The movie was TERRIBLE!!! Easily the worst mov...
 Words fail me. This film was extremely difficu...
 We've all see the countless previews and trail...
 The movie was great and everything but, there ...
 I caught the first screening of Driving Lesson...
 I have always been a fan of the show so I'll a...
 Just the kind of movie I love. Some very good ...
 If you are a bit masochistic and like to waste...
 The worst movie I've seen in a long time. This...
 This must be one of the most horribly titled f...
 My husband received DVD of OBWAT for Christmas...
 Ah, McBain The character name is immortalized...
 I borrowed this movie from library think it mi...
 I strongly disagree with "ctomvelu" regarding ...
 I saw the capsule comment said "great acting."...
 As a girl, Hinako moved away from her small vi...
 Anyone who enjoys the Lynchian weirdness of Tw...
 We were waiting in line to see The Good Girl, ...
 Seldom seen since theatrical release in 1970, ...
 Tiempo de valientes is a very fun action comed...
 In the old commercial for blank audio cassette...
 In 1961, this series was shown on local TV her...
 With the death of her infirmed husband, May, a...
 This movie is so aggrivating. The main charact...
 Wow... just... wow. There are a lot of reviews...
 "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" consists mostl...
 As I've said in the title of this review, It p...
 This is a very strange product from Hollywood....
 It was extremely low budget(it some scenes it ...
 I love the book. It's full of passion, romance...
 Opera (the U.S. title is terror at the opera) ...
 After a day at work, I sat down to relax and t...
 Dolemite is, for me, an object of my deepest a...
 You've got to think along the lines of Last Ta...
 I read the reviews of this movie, and they wer...
 This is the biggest insult to TMNT ever. Fortu...
 I hate to sound like an 'old person', but fran...
 I really felt the movie was ahead of its time....
 My mother took me to this movie at the drive-i...
 All the ingredients of low-brow b-movie cult c...
 Warner Brothers tampered considerably with Ame...
 Making this short and to the point. This movie...
 My paraphrase above of the slogan on the back ...
 Please give this one a miss.<br /><br />Kristy...
 I realize several Ben Stiller movies are out o...
 This is one of Joan Crawford's best Talkies. I...
 This is an excruciatingly boring, slow-moving ...
 I thought this had the right blend of characte...
 I'm not sure why this film is averaging so low...
 First of all, before I start my review, I just...
 Justifications for what happened to his movie ...
 I like Peter Sellers, most of the time. I had ...
 I've seen the original English version on vide...
 I wasn't sure on what to expect from THE BOX. ...
 What percentage of movies does a person go to ...
 Warning: Avoid this super duper awful movie......
 Made only ten years after the actual events, a...
 This film never received the attention it dese...
 The story is: a turn-of-the-century troupe of ...
 As a cartoon, the Spytroops Movie was pretty b...
 Apparently a B movie ...B must stand for Bette...
 The murders in Opera are not actual murders as...
 Let me first start with the obvious: antisemit...
 This is your standard musical comedy from the ...
 terry and june in my mind, is a all time class...
 I came across this movie on DVD purely by chan...
 Apparently none of the previous reviewers,most...
 This movie is a re-write of the 1978 Warren Be...
 I believe that this was supposed to be shockin...
 The movie has only one flaw, unfortunately thi...
 I was disappointed with the sequel to the Swan...
 I seem to remember a lot of hype about this mo...
 This is one of those Film's/pilot that if you ...
 Now any Blaxploiation fan will recognise the i...
 When this show first aired I will admit to bei...
 This movie is the biggest steaming pile of you...
 A haunting piece that the discerning horror fi...
 This film has the guts to suggest that it migh...
 I stopped five minutes in when Beowulf was giv...
 First of all, I have to start this comment by ...
 Definitely not your typical Polizia, Redneck j...
 One Dark Night has a typical teen horror film ...
 Dramatic license - some hate it, though it is ...
 I've read most of the comments here. I came to...
 This was one of the worst films i have ever se...
 This is one of the funniest movies I have ever...
 Although I rarely agree with filmkrönikan, I h...
 As one of the victims of the whole Enron scand...
 I disliked this film intensely and left during...
 When I put this movie in my DVD player, and sa...
 i have just finished watching this film in my ...
 Roeg has done some great movies, but this a tu...
 Frank Sinatra took this role, chewed it up wit...
 Wow. We watched this film in the hopes that it...
 Bored Londoners Henry Kendall and Joan Barry (...
 An imagination is a terrible thing to waste .....
 I was just lucky I found this movie. I've been...
 When tradition dictates that an artist must pa...
 Why didn't critics like this movie?? I don't g...
 "This Is Not A Love Song" is a brilliant examp...
 Breaker! Breaker! has Chuck Norris as a truck ...
 Greatly enjoyed this 1945 mystery thriller fil...
 For years we've been watching every horror fil...
 Even if you subscribe to the knee-jerk anti-fr...
 "After World War I, an expedition representing...
 ***Minor Plot Spoilers***<br /><br />I must co...
 Ulli Lommel's 1980 film 'The Boogey Man' is no...
 Live Feed is set in some unnamed Chinese/Japan...
 I have always been somewhat underwhelmed by Jo...
 This is one of the best films I have ever seen...
 Cooley High is considered one of my best all t...
 Though derivative, "Labyrinth" still stands as...
 Once in a great while I will watch a movie tha...
 We just finished screening El Padrino in Austr...
 Superdome is one of those movies that makes yo...
 Absolutely one of the 10 best music films Ever...
 I don't know what it is with this movies. But ...
 This film is a very beautiful and slow film. T...
 Rabbit Fever is a mockumentary collection of s...
 My kids loved this movie. we watched it every ...
 Like all good art, this movie could mean diffe...
 I have no idea what the budget on this movie w...
 There are a lot of people that put down on the...
 No one can argue with it. This IS and WILL BE ...
 This review is based on the dubbed Shock-o-Ram...
 Yeah...I read David Lee Roth's autobiography, ...
 I can't imagine why it hasn't been theatricall...
 Probably grossly underrated by all who never e...
 The best part of An American In Paris is the l...
 For late-80s cheese, this really isn't so bad....
 As a young black/latina woman I am always sear...
 Without a doubt, 12 MONKEYS is one of the best...
 The NYT review says that Sigourney Weaver's ch...
 This movie was *good* relatively during the fi...
 This movie is a cyborg in and of itself: half ...
 I tried. God knows I tried to like this Swiss ...
 "Atoll K" aka "Utopia" is one of Hollywood's s...
 This movie is so bad, it's comical. In fact, M...
 I've watched the first 17 episodes and this se...
 Well, maybe the PC version of this game was im...
 Yes, In 35 years of film going I have finally ...
 I was lucky enough to catch this film finally ...
 In São Paulo, the upper middle class teenagers...
 I saw House Party 1-3 and I loved them but thi...
 Rutger Hower fans Don't BE FOOLED - he only pl...
 I have never seen the original 1930s version o...
 Danton was a hero and one of the founders of t...
 Who doesn't love the muppets?! Impossible it i...
 I read thru most of the comments posted here &...
 I, like many horror fans, have been force fed ...
 This is a very strange film, with a no-name ca...
 it seems like if you are going to post here it...
 This movie is definately one of my favourite m...
 Film critics of the world, I apologize. It is ...
 My sister, dad, and I are really into D&D and ...
 Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) is having proble...
 Rififi, directed by Jules Dassin, is in line w...
 For anyone who's judged others at first meetin...
 I couldnt believe how well this kid did on scr...
 OK, I have been a huge fan of the Black for a ...
 Lorenzo Lamas stars as some type of CIA agent,...
 MGM tried pairing up and coming young men with...
 Capt. Gallagher (Lemmon) and flight attendant ...
 I gave this film 2 stars only because Dominic ...
 The show itself basically reflects the typical...
 Seven pioneer kids strive independently across...
 This is as good as it gets.<br /><br />This is...
 Farscape is the best sci-fi show period, for o...
 I watched this flick yesterday and I have to s...
 Steven Seagal has made a really dull, bad and ...
 ... and I have seen some bad ones.<br /><br />...
 As I read the script on-line, I thought "Capot...
 Note the wide release date of Aug 8, 1945 - ab...
 I almost burst into tears watching this movie....
 I watched the movie yesterday and for me it wa...
 This is NOT the masterpiece that is Snow White...
 I have recently seen this movie due to Jake's ...
 It has very little to do with the books: half ...
 The worst, and chock full of people who really...
 Sterling and younger brother try to survive on...
 "Kids Like These" could have been a decent fil...
 I saw this movie today (opened yesterday here)...
 SPOILER ALERT! This Movie, Zero Day, Gives An ...
 There's a sign on The Lost Highway that says:<...
 Okay, let's face it. this is a god-awful movie...
 Karen(Bobbie Phillips)mentions, after one of h...
 <br /><br />In anticipation of Ang Lee's new m...
 This is just the best movie of all times! Sorr...
 William Shakespeare would be very proud of thi...
 If you've ever heard the saying, "the book is ...
 Bob Clampett's 'An Itch in Time' milks seven m...
 Have you seen all the big adventures of last f...
 In New York, when the shy and lonely project m...
 This game is very addictive, I kept playing it...
 This movie twists the facts of Anne and Mary's...
 This agonizing comedy-drama got surprisingly s...
 Although the figures are higher in proportion ...
 Roy Andersson has managed to craft something t...
 I stumbled on to this site while looking for a...
 The basic formula for the original series was;...
 Annie Potts is the only highlight in this trul...
 I saw the Mogul Video VHS of this. That's anot...
 When I first saw the preview for this movie, I...
 so yes it is quite nostalgic watching the 1st ...
 'The second beginning' as it's title explains,...
 "Thriller" is brilliant. It is a long video, b...
 Stereotypical send up of slasher flicks falls ...
 I had some expectation for the movie, since it...
 Spoof films have come so far since Mel Brooks ...
 To be fair they did as well as they could with...
 As a Spanish tourist in Los Angeles and a fana...
 I was totally disgusted with this unnecessary ...
 Not much to say beyond the summary, save that ...
 There are some comments about this film that s...
 I gave this film my rare 10 stars.<br /><br />...
 I saw this a good while ago, but i just cant g...
 A milestone in Eastern European film making an...
 CACTUS FLOWER was a delightful 1969 comedy bas...
 Screamers is an Italian fantasy film (L'Isola ...
 An American Werewolf in Paris wasn't really th...
 This is a family film, which to some people is...
 From the nepotism capitol of the world comes a...
 I have a six month old baby at home and time t...
 My buddies and I spent the majority of a Satur...
 A group of douche-bag teenagers go up to an ol...
 I went to the cinema slightly apprehensive, I ...
 Spacecamp is my favorite movie. It is a great ...
 This thing, it shouldn't be called a film, is ...
 "CASOMAI" was the last movie I've seen before ...
 In the recent movement to bring Asian films ov...
 OK, so this film may not have won any Oscars, ...
 This movie is quite better than the first one ...
 I don't understand how some people can stand p...
 George Raft as Steve Brodie, the carefree, dan...
 I'm not picky with movies, oh I've seen so muc...
 This is definitely one of the best movies I've...
 I very much enjoyed "The Revolution Will Not B...
 As good as Schindler's List was, I found this ...
 There are so many reasons as to why I rate the...
 As a grownup in my mid-40s, I am not even clos...
 The title is a reference to the destruction of...
 LOVE AT THE TOP--the utterly wrongheaded Ameri...
 Now, I haven't read the original short story t...
 Me and a couple of friends went to rent some m...
 The DVD for this film is by Alpha Video--a com...
 If this is your first time experiencing the wo...
 Let me first state that I rarely review movies...
 FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!! I've been waiting for this ...
 There was a stylish approach to this film on t...
 I felt as though the two hours I spent watchin...
 Yes, I know I'm one of the few people longing ...
 a very mediocre film based on a superb series ...
 This film, which I rented under the title "Bla...
 Not only does this film have one of the great ...
 I'm rarely moved to make a comment online abou...
 There are few movies that have the massive amo...
 Wow! Wow! Wow! I have never seen a non-preachy...
 Crazy director....Yeah, you need to be crazy t...
 A highly atmospheric cheapie, showing great in...
 Atlantis was much better than I had anticipate...
 Have you ever watched a film, when after it's ...
 You'll either love or hate movies such as this...
 Late, great Grade Z drive-in exploitation film...
 B movie at best. Sound effects are pretty good...
 Night of the Comet starts as the world prepare...
 The snobs and pseudo experts consider it "a fa...
 Kurosawa really blew it on this one. Every gen...
 1996's MICHAEL is warm and winning comedy-fant...
 What did I just watch? I spent 90 minutes of m...
 Starting with a "My Name is Joe" like scene in...
 I liked how this started out, featuring some d...
 In Le Million, Rene Clair, one of the cinema's...
 To view the fictionalized biography "The Pheni...
 Superficically, "Brigadoon" is a very promisin...
 When American author Edgar Allan Poe visits Lo...
 Near the beginning of "The Godfather: Part III...
 This 1947 film stars and was directed and writ...
 The plot had some wretched, unbelievable twist...
 As other reviewers have noted, this movie is a...
 This movie is honestly one of the greatest mov...
 Shamefull as it may be, this movie actually ma...
 Possibly the best movie ever created in the hi...
 In Crystal City, a group of Mormons hire the h...
 I loved the the film. it beautifully analyzes ...
 "Blame it on Rio" is a romantic comedy 80's st...
 This was the very first movie I ever saw in th...
 This was a very good PPV, but like Wrestlemani...
 This film is absolute trash and proceeds to be...
 Fritz Lang directed two great westerns: "Weste...
 Another variation and improvisation on the fam...
 Wow. Simply awful. I was a fan of the original...
 The End of Violence and certainly the Million ...
 The producer, Matt Mochary, stumbled upon the ...
 Anyone looking to learn more about the develop...
 The closing song by Johnny Rivers was the only...
 Co-directed by and starring Rutger Hauer, this...
 Together with the even more underrated , The S...
 Love hurts. That, I think, is the main message...
 Alright so this episode makes fun of Al Gore. ...
 A young doctor and his wife are suddenly expec...
 Ida Lupino was one of the few women to break t...
 This is what happens when you try to adapt a p...
 A scientist (John Carradine--sadly) finds out ...
 OK, so I just saw the movie, although it appea...
 We now travel to a parallel universe where the...
 There are interesting pieces here of and about...
 Gregory Peck and Gig Young are competing for t...
 Coming immediately on the heels of Match Point...
 If I watch a movie and don't once look at my w...
 Mullholland Drive proves once again that David...
 What a disappointment! I've enjoyed the Jon Cl...
 I'm trying to decide if jumping into a wood ch...
 Hoot is a nice plain movie with a simple messa...
 Gore hounds beware...this is not your movie. T...
 A gaggle of unpleasant city dwellers descend o...
 I can't really criticize this film. It is lite...
 This must be the most boring film I ever saw. ...
 Not just the money we paid to rent it or actua...
 The original review I had planned for this mov...
 First they came for the Communists, and I didn...
 Chillers starts on a cold, dark stormy night a...
 I saw this film in Winnipeg recently - appropr...
 Definitely the worst movie I have ever seen in...
 ***LIGHT SPOILER ALERT*** The story sounds goo...
 I firstly and completely and confidently disag...
 Working at a video store I get to see quite a ...
 This movie had very few moments of real drama....
 Completely worth checking out. Saw it on MLK's...
 Webs starts in 'Chicago: Present Day' as four ...
 When an actor has to play the role of an actor...
 Well, I don't normally think there's such a th...
 First off, I must say that I made the mistake ...
 We gave up at the point where George Clooney's...
 Got to confess right up front that I didn't wa...
 The Japanese have always had incredible ambiti...
 At first i didn't think that Ben Affleck could...
 Frankly i just enjoy watching James Caan. Wond...
 No one should ever try to adapt a Tom Robbins ...
 A widely unknown strange little western with m...
 note to George Litman, and others: the Mystery...
 I enjoyed the movie very much. Everything in T...
 When this show first came on the air, I saw it...
 This movie was pointless. I can't even call it...
 "Cover Girl" is a lacklustre WWII musical with...
 Well, Anne is way way too old. Wentworth looks...
 Seymour Cassel gives a great performance, a to...
 Kill Me Later" has an interesting initial prem...
 Although I found the acting excellent, and the...
 -That's pretty much the whole soundtrack to th...
 An ex- informant of the East Germany finishes ...
 Okay, so I get it. We're supposed to be horrif...
 Boris Karloff is Matthias Morteval, a dying, l...
 Don't listen to fuddy-duddy critics on this on...
 I like Goldie Hawn and wanted another one of h...
 Well now, this was certainly a surprise episod...
 So it's a space movie. But it's low budget. Yo...
 An excellent family movie... gives a lot to th...
 Beautifully filmed, well acted, tightly script...
 <br /><br />It wasn't the worst movie that I h...
 I really liked this movie, it was good, and th...
 I love this movie like no other. Another time ...
 Englar Alheimsins are very good movie. She hap...
 Allison Dean's performance is what stands out ...
 I personally liked "The Prophecy" of 1995 a lo...
 Might contain spoilers.<br /><br />This is jus...
 I am uncertain what to make of this misshapen ...
 There is only one word to define the whole mov...
 Cinema, at its best is entertainment. If one i...
 In some ways, The Wrath of Kriemhild surpasses...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** After two so-so ...
 I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupi...
 Here's a review for people like me. This movie...
 Basically, "Caprica" is the Cylon origin story...
 I was on France, around March 05, and I love t...
 Have you ever seen one of those shows that bec...
 Those French and those Germans sure have a lon...
 Little Quentin seems to have mastered the art ...
 This is a good adaptation of Austen's novel. G...
 How truly sad that this sprung from the same m...
 Well as the headline suggests this is not the ...
 Hey look, you don't watch this movie to change...
 A man is builing a hotel with a partner. He fi...
 Bela Lugosi plays a doctor who will do anythin...
 Truly unique and stunning film of Jules Verne'...
 Definitely one of my favourite movies. The sto...
 This was a movie of which I kept on reading th...
 this a haunting piece of work.its only ten min...
 The only redeeming part of this movie was the ...
 Only saw this show a few times, but will live ...
 Greetings All,<br /><br />Isn't it amazing the...
 This film is really really bad, it is not very...
 Before I watched this film I read a review her...
 I just have to say that this was the third wor...
 DON'T LOOK IN THE BASEMENT This little forgott...
 Although I love this movie, I can barely watch...
 This movie is so great. Its set back in probab...
 I think this movie was made backwards, first t...
 I hate this programme: not only is the very co...
 What can be said about a movie about a cross d...
 There's not a dull moment in Francois Ozon's "...
 I bought this movie at a garage sale when I wa...
 "Toi le Venin" is Robert Hossein's masterpiece...
 One of the worse gay-related movies I have eve...
 The first movie at the Fangoria Festival in Ve...
 Hopelessly inept and dull movie in which the c...
 A group of 7 gold prospectors head into a mine...
 Don't be fooled by the other reviewers. Althou...
 I found myself very caught up in this movie, a...
 Soldier Blue is a movie with pretensions: pret...
 A featherweight plot and dubious characterizat...
 While I am a long-time Shatner fan (since we u...
 NO WAY ! I hated Granny. First, she is way too...
 I ordered this movie on the Internet as it is ...
 Let me start out by saying I LOVE horror movie...
 I watched this movie by accident on TV and it ...
 I rented this movie and watched it 20 times be...
 The story, as I understand, is "based on real ...
 I've already commented on this film (under the...
 Had this been the original 1914 version of TES...
 This is a lot of silliness about a woman from ...
 A well-made and imaginative production, refres...
 For the first forty minutes, Empire really sha...
 First of all, in defense of JOAN FONTAINE, it ...
 "The Dresser" is a small but absolutely wonder...
 A classic 80's movie that Disney for some reas...
 This movie is all about reality, submarine war...
 Having spent all of her money caring for her t...
 I haven't seen "Henry Fool", but after watchin...
 Begrudgingly gave it a 3 - one point each for ...
 The Power started off looking promising but so...
 Another FINE effort by America's most UNDERrat...
 Another first: this French movie is my introdu...
 One Night at McCool's is one of those films th...
 This is a must see for independant movie fans,...
 The plot of "Sally of the Sawdust" is the usua...
 This is the sequel to Octopus.<br /><br />Pff....
 This begins a wager between Edgar Allen Poe an...
 This is a wonderful look, you should pardon th...
 I actually saw this movie at a theater. As soo...
 In "Lassie Come Home," "National Velvet," and ...
 I can never figure if this is the Artiest Soap...
 This video was my first introduction to the Re...
 `The Matrix' was an exciting summer blockbuste...
 Most of the comments have been positive but I ...
 i totally loved this movie, tried to buy it an...
 I went to the pre-screening of "Rory O'Shea Wa...
 My what a director's intuition can bring on ma...
 'Bluff' has been showing for a good few months...
 I know it's a Power-Rangers gimmick and catere...
 I grew up watching the original TV series in t...
 Sorry did i miss something? did i walk out ear...
 Most Stoogephiles consider this to be the best...
 This is the touching story of two families in ...
 I love documentaries. The Andy Goldsworthy doc...
 Rush in Rio is simply an amazing DVD. This con...
 An example of genius filmaking. The epic story...
 For those with little time on their hands, I'l...
 I so much enjoyed this little musical fantasy ...
 A friend of mine asked: "Doesn't one have to b...
 I had the good fortune of reading the book bef...
 This is not a new film. It is a re-cut of 1994...
 It's not really about gymnastics; swap out the...
 For movie fans who have never heard of the boo...
 If you enjoy sitting in the dark, both literal...
 If you would like to watch an example of how n...
 The final season of Roseanne was a roller coas...
 Ever notice how in his later movies Burt Reyno...
 Is this film a joke? Is it a comedy? Surely it...
 There was a great film to be made about Steve ...
 "Citizen X" tells the story of "The Butcher of...
 When I first got wind of this picture, it was ...
 First off I really enjoyed Zombi 2 by Lucio Fu...
 Pleasant story of the community of Pimlico in ...
 The main reason for writing this review is I f...
 I had heard of John Garfield, but, didn't know...
 1956's The Man Who Knew Too Much is exceptiona...
 I disagree in calling this a stoner movie just...
 I enjoy watching people doing breakdance, espe...
 This film is about a group of extra terrestria...
 I hope this group of film-makers never re-unites.
 It purports to be the life of Paul the apostle...
 While the film has one redeeming feature, name...
 The film isn't perfect by any means but despit...
 This is one strange hacked together film, you ...
 I was watching this movie and getting increasi...
 Someone says this anime could be offensive for...
 While in Madrid I was able to see a screener c...
 I can't seem to find anything that is good abo...
 "Fear Of A Black Hat" is everything the (much ...
 I have never commented on IMDb before, but I f...
 As of this writing John Carpenter's 'Halloween...
 Absolutely horrible movie. Not a bad plot conc...
 ok we have a film that some are calling one of...
 SPOILERS<br /><br />This movie was rented as a...
 I first came across 'My Tutor Friend' accident...
 despite the occasionally stilted acting and "s...
 Now days, most people don't watch classic movi...
 "Edge of the City" is another movie that owes ...
 Did HeidiJean really see this movie? A great C...
 I don't know who wrote the script for this mov...
 I would say for it's time, this movie was awes...
 This movie is about basically human relations,...
 I'd first heard of this show in 2005, first on...
 For Columbo fans, such as myself, this is the ...
 There are no words to explain how bad NIGHTMAR...
 I just finished this movie and my only comment...
 "L'Ossessa" (released in English under many ti...
 A lot has been said about Shinjuku Triad Socie...
 is not a bad movie but the acting and the scre...
 This movie is completely ridiculous. Not only ...
 With an absolutely amazing cast and crew, this...
 I'm on the opposite end of the previous commen...
 As a helpful warning for others, I believe "Sk...
 Dear Readers,<br /><br />I've found in my stud...
 Not good! Rent or buy the original! Watch this...
 - A film crew is shooting a horror movie in an...
 Considering John Doe apparently inspired Kyle ...
 I can appreciate what Barney is trying to achi...
 I ended up liking this movie but it was not th...
 The Haunting is yet another bad horror remake ...
 [WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILERS]<br /><br />I have...
 OK. I know that the wanna-be John Hughes movie...
 Joseph Conrad's timeless novel, Heart of Darkn...
 this one is about a homicide detective who bat...
 When I first watched this movie I thought it w...
 What a delightful romp  a very competently ma...
 With this movie, it's all about style, atmosph...
 Well-done ghost story that will give you the c...
 This film is pure 'Hollywood hokum'. It is bas...
 While I certainly consider The Exorcist to be ...
 Ultimately too silly and pointless. Yes there ...
 I don't care what anyone says, this movie was ...
 Back in 74 Eric Monte made the classic T.V sho...
 When I saw this as a child, it answered all of...
 I like a movie that has at least a vestige of ...
 As an ordinary movie-watcher I can't say I enj...
 This is a remake of the anime classic from the...
 Being quite a fan of Charlie Chaplin following...
 This is the "Battlefield Earth" of mini series...
 I recently started watching this show, and I h...
 A nicely paced romantic war story that should ...
 From the opening drum hit of "We're Gonna Groo...
 This was a great movie. It had one "sot-so-nic...
 "It all depends on how you look at it we are ...
 This movie is really wack. There is really not...
 I have passed several times on watching this s...
 I was very disappointed in this film. The dire...
 THE RINGMASTER stars Jerry Springer as a TV ta...
 Thank God I have fast-forward. I think this is...
 This is a stupid movie. When I saw it in a mov...
 Unwatchable. You can't even make it past the f...
 This tough-to-see little picture played at the...
 Pearl S.Buck was a brilliant author that was a...
 No Strings Attached features Carlos Mencia doi...
 This was made in 2004 for gods sake, what happ...
 Wow. I felt like I needed to shower off after ...
 Well how can I categorise Farscape without res...
 In conception a splendid film, investigating t...
 I'm not from USA I'm from central Europe and i...
 I wish "that '70s show" would come back on tel...
 Alexandra Ripley wrote a horrible sequel to Ma...
 This movie is great fun to watch if you love f...
 The movie was supposed to release in 2002 and ...
 I heard many stories about this film being gre...
 This is the most depressing film I have ever s...
 These things have been floating around in my h...
 If you ever plan on renting (hopefully not buy...
 Aldolpho (Steve Buscemi), an aspiring film mak...
 I watched "Gristle" primarily for the presence...
 I think is a great and a VERY funny movie. The...
 The only reason to see this film is Sung Hi Le...
 Have you seen The Graduate? It was hailed as t...
 #3 in young John Travolta's trilogy of blockbu...
 This was the film that first indicated to me w...
 This film is an insult to the play upon which ...
 Conquerer of Shamballa shows what happens when...
 Quick and simple, I love this movie.<br /><br ...
 A party-hardy frat boy's sister is brutally mu...
 Ludicrous violations of the most basic securit...
 So, you wanna be a rock star? See this movie. ...
 The "saucy" misadventures of four au pairs who...
 i searched video store everywhere to find this...
 The main premise for this movie is every woman...
 This film broke a lot of ground and receives o...
 I think its pretty safe to say that this is th...
 I found this to be a so-so romance/drama that ...
 Well, how to make a movie as provocative as po...
 I searched for this movie for years, apparentl...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 Just before dawn is an underrated horror film ...
 Alas, another Costner movie that was an hour t...
 I really enjoyed this movie. Most of the revie...
 Laputa: castle in the sky is the bomb. The mes...
 After I got done watching this movie I was so ...
 It is a wonderful film about people. Strange p...
 It is one of the better Indian movies I have s...
 Although it's most certainly politically incor...
 I want to start by stating I am a republican, ...
 Lost is an extremely well made TV series about...
 After watching this movie on DVD, I watched th...
 Murder Over New York is one of the better Chan...
 This movie is very good in term of acting and ...
 To put it simply, I am not fond of westerns. A...
 Somewhere, out there, there must be a list of ...
 Eskimo is a serious movie about the cultural c...
 PERHAPS SPOILER !! well, i ve seen it at the f...
 I couldn't make sense of this film much of the...
 A sequel to Angels With Dirty Faces in name on...
 Without a shadow of a doubt this is and probab...
 - A group of bandits rob a train of the gold s...
 It is Queen Victoria's misfortune to be define...
 Old movie buffs will know why I'd call this on...
 The only reason this movie is not given a 1 (a...
 A police officer (Robert Forster) in a crime r...
 I'm lucky enough to have a good quality copy o...
 Just once in a while you see a movie so mind-n...
 The story of an obsessed lover (Shahrukh Khan)...
 Having just watched Acacia, I find that I have...
 From 2002 on Dutch cinema finally got better a...
 A not bad but also not so great heist film. Ki...
 A cut above from the usual straight to video a...
 Every now and again you hear radio djs invitin...
 Bad Actors, bad filming, choppy dialog, shallo...
 Strangers with candy overacts in all the wrong...
 Jerry spies Tom listening to a creepy story on...
 I must say this movie is a Mork and Mindy knoc...
 A severe backwards step for the puppets in thi...
 Was in the mood for a French film and saw this...
 I hate this movie. It is a horrid movie. Sean ...
 This is a film for entertainment; I did not th...
 THE GOVERNESS is a moody period piece, the mea...
 I remember coming home from school to watch up...
 I bought this DVD after seeing it highly ranke...
 I am rating this an 8 because of the premise o...
 No matter what other people have said you can'...
 What a piece of stupid tripe.<br /><br />I won...
 This may be one of the best movies I have ever...
 This movie has a lot of comedy, not dark and G...
 SPOILERS!<br /><br />I gave this film 2 out of...
 I don't understand why making remakes has beco...
 I read the recent comments and couldn't wait t...
 Okay guys, we know why we watch film like "The...
 How much do I love this film?! Now I'm not a f...
 I'm trying to picture the pitch for Dark Angel...
 I was excited to view a Cataluña´s film in the...
 CONTEXT is everything when one goes to rate a ...
 Dr. Hackenstein begins at the turn of last cen...
 This film is about a couple that decides to ta...
 Jarl and Moodysson are part of an dying breed ...
 This was a film based on the Novel written by ...
 The Thing About My Folks is a wonderful film a...
 I have just caught this Movie on TCM, and can ...
 This film is just as bad as "The Birdman of Al...
 Still being of school age, and having to learn...
 Clint Eastwood would star again as the battle-...
 Some have commented on the subtitles not being...
 Well, of course not, women are overly sensitiv...
 One of the most sublime of American masterpiec...
 I honestly can't believe that this film isn't ...
 "I am ... proud of 'Head'," Mike Nesmith has s...
 I was 19 years old when I saw first saw this f...
 The only way I can feel good about having hand...
 This film is the worst film I have ever seen. ...
 Acting was weak, but in a horror flick, I can ...
 I just finished watching Going Overboard. I ha...
 Forbidden Planet represents the kind of scienc...
 This is one of Bruce's most underrated films i...
 Possibly John Cassavetes best film to date, an...
 I have watched this movie a few times and neve...
 I wonder if there is any sense of sense in thi...
 As much as we might welcome a film that deals ...
 Distortion is a movie that sort of caught me b...
 I watched this movie last night on one of the ...
 The Kid Power Hour featured two segments: Hero...
 In Budapest, Margaret Sullavan (as Klara Novak...
 I've just had the evidence that confirmed my s...
 I had been looking forward to How to Lose Frie...
 No, this isn't a sequel to the fabulous OVA se...
 Always enjoy the great acting talents of Harry...
 Old Ed was active back in the late 1950's He w...
 First, I did like this film. It was well acted...
 Some people like to tell you that Deep Space 9...
 Peter Jacksons version(s) are better films ove...
 Seven young people go to the forest looking fo...
 Jim Varney's performances as the Harem Girl an...
 This review is for the UK DVD three-disc box s...
 Hehehe. This was one of the best funny road mo...
 When I rented "Unhinged", I was expecting a go...
 I saw this film at the New Festival in New Yor...
 Wow -- this movie was really bad! You talk abo...
 This is a comedy/romance movie directed by And...
 OK, this is one strange film! Fans of Ed Wood ...
 This movie is about London and it's an amazing...
 When I borrowed this movie, I wasn't expecting...
 Imagine what it must have been like for John A...
 When it was announced the "King of Pop" was de...
 When I went to watch this movie my expectation...
 When a saboteur blows up a controversial gover...
 Chaplin enters the trenches of WWI in this spi...
 This movie is actually so poor in its desperat...
 This is quite an unusual and unique little wes...
 So you have the spoiler warning---but I would ...
 the characters at depth-less rip offs. you've ...
 When it opened in London during the Christmas ...
 hey ....i really do not know why this film has...
 GREAT movie and the family will love it!! If k...
 Anything that might have been potentially inte...
 After what I thought was a masterful performan...
 actually, it was pretty funny... in a "god, ho...
 This film reinvents the term "Spring Breakumen...
 It's been said that Batman Begins in the first...
 I once heard this movie described as either yo...
 I just saw this film in Santa Barbara. My frie...
 Personally, I absolutely love this movie and n...
 The 08th MS team features two hopeful romantic...
 You Belong To Me was the final teaming of Henr...
 IN COLD BLOOD is masterfully directed and adap...
 I usually give sequels the benefit of the doub...
 It's almost impossible for me to sit down and ...
 An adult, realistic, cruel, dark story, like a...
 I have not read "A Time to Kill" by John Grish...
 Well, no, not really. Its not really a good mo...
 This movie starts out very VERY slow, but when...
 Somehow, this documentary about Miles manages ...
 I'm not a big fan of slasher flicks as a genre...
 Don't get me wrong, the guy's a success dynamo...
 Forget the jaded comments that come before the...
 The plot starts out interesting, however, towa...
 Like several other reviewers here, I'm surpris...
 Facts about National Lampoon Goes to the Movie...
 I guess this would be a great movie for a true...
 I watched this movie last night, i'm a huge fa...
 The fact that this film was shown at London's ...
 **Warning - this review may contain spoilers *...
 A sweet-natured young mountain man with a sad ...
 <br /><br />Filmed just after the war, this st...
 This Tim Burton remake of the original "Planet...
 OK, let's see... a handsome young stranger is ...
 When you read the comment on this film, that i...
 And I thought The Beach was bad, with the diff...
 Six degrees had me hooked. I looked forward to...
 Finally a gangster Movie worth watching!<br />...
 Most folks might say that if one were to spend...
 Why this film was only released in 4 states is...
 This may have been made for the hell of it, bu...
 It's one of the best movies that I have seen t...
 Winchester '73 was the film that moved Mann fr...
 I saw virtually no redeeming qualities in this...
 There's really not much need to begin this lit...
 I like to like movies, but I found nothing to ...
 This should have been a movie about Sam and hi...
 Well, if you set aside the fact that this movi...
 Outside of the fact that George Lopez is a pre...
 Wow. I don't even really remember that much ab...
 In Moscow, the young couple Veronika (T. Samoj...
 Think of an extremely low-rent version of "Hea...
 My roommate got the No, No, Nanette soundtrack...
 To sat how awful The Shield is, you'd have to ...
 Medellin is a fabulous place to live, work, an...
 I have read the short story by Norman Maclean,...
 This is actually a pretty bad film. The ideolo...
 Giallo fans, seek out this rare film. It is we...
 I thought this movie was fun. I have never rea...
 "Secret Sunshine" reminded me of "The Rapture"...
 This movie possesses something most other movi...
 Just a dumb old movie. First Stanwyck's son ge...
 This version of Mansfield Park, while being ex...
 I chose this movie really for my husband-who w...
 I just viewed this great good-natured parody o...
 In Alfred Hitchcock's adaptation of Patricia H...
 Was this supposed to be a comedy? The black ca...
 Ever wanted to see how low a movie could sink?...
 Ram Gopal Verma has proved himself as a very i...
 Yes, it was an awful movie, but there was a so...
 I wholeheartedly agree with Greg in Ontario. I...
 The title of the film seems quite appropriate ...
 The only Riddle in this film was how it ever g...
 Wow, alot of reviews for the Devils Experiment...
 I did and I lost two and a half hours of my li...
 John Sayles, what have you done?<br /><br />"S...
 There are movies that are so bad, they're good...
 Well, TiVo recorded this because of Angelina J...
 Boy, this was one lousy movie! While I haven't...
 I have seen several comments here about Brando...
 I appear to be in the minority, but I thought ...
 I've spent quite a while going through all the...
 When I first heard about Moon Child, I thought...
 Without saying how it ended, it is sufficient ...
 This belongs in their top tier, although there...
 Albert Pyun delivers a very good action/drama ...
 Oh dear. Some of the best talent in British TV...
 This movie is based on the novel Island of dr....
 An interesting idea (four African American wom...
 And one only, in my opinion.<br /><br />That r...
 The 14 year-old in me is immensely happy that ...
 I happened upon this by chance. I was at my fr...
 Many people judge it as a fan service film bec...
 The summer has been so full of Blockbusters an...
 I usually start by relaying the premise of the...
 Eager electronics whiz Brian Foster (a likable...
 This film would like to be the kind of shockin...
 ***BIG SPOILERS!*** "Flesh Feast" of 1970 is a...
 Admittedly, you can put a model airplane again...
 I bought the DVD of Before Sunset and saw it f...
 Years ago, with "Ray of Light," Madonna broke ...
 This was a great 1981 film which had a great s...
 This film is one of the few quality films of 2...
 This movie has more goofs than any other movie...
 There are a number of reviews that comment on ...
 This is not a serious film, and does not prete...
 As I saw the movie I was really shocked to see...
 This superior inferiority to the original dumb...
 As a knowledgeable fan I recommend this film a...
 When the first trailer for this film was viewe...
 In addition to all the negative reviews: I was...
 I am still waiting for that dark muppet film w...
 I too must apologize for a somewhat biased opi...
 "Trigger Man" is definitely the most boring an...
 Fantastic documentary. A movie within a movie....
 Perhaps I missed the meeting when the meaning ...
 Tight script, good direction, excellent perfor...
 The year is 1964. Ernesto "Che" Guevara, havin...
 Just to mention one more thing about Gentleman...
 ...but memorable because it includes an actor ...
 I hadn't seen this film in probably 35 years, ...
 It's been 3 months and you know what that mean...
 I couldn't hold back the tears when I watched ...
 One piece of trivia that is often forgotten ab...
 Chase has created a true phenomenon with The S...
 THis movie may be the worst movie I have ever ...
 Not only the title, the film itself is a long ...
 Let's just say it in simple words so that even...
 First off let me say that this is probably in ...
 SPOILERS THROUGHOUT: <br /><br />The Gettaway ...
 This movie is bad. Just bad. In absolute terms...
 There's not much to say about this one. Gammer...
 Realistic Master-Piece. thirty years later, th...
 This almost perfect cinematic rendition of Edi...
 I am a huge horror/splatter fan, I even enjoy ...
 No matter how many times Wile Ethelbert "Famis...
 I saw this movie on a westbound American Airli...
 A gem of a cartoon from the silent era---it wa...
 this movie was a horrible excuse for...a movie...
 He did one at Christmas to try and bring back ...
 The deceptive cover, title and very small hidd...
 I just finishing watching Goliath Awaits that ...
 This is an excellent film, full of complexity,...
 "Watch the Skies" (2005 - 60 minutes) is an ex...
 now we know radu munteans movies, the excellen...
 These are one of the movies that don't require...
 Bare Wench is another softcore parody of the B...
 This is a known fact, Mr. Seagal cannot smile,...
 "Sundown:The Vampire in Retreat" is a rubbish....
 This is one of those movies where I was rootin...
 A previous reviewer said the movie is not all ...
 What were they thinking when they made this tr...
 This movie's script is indistinguishable from ...
 Although the actors do a convincing job playin...
 The character acting is a little stiff, as if ...
 20 out of 10 This is a truly wonderful story a...
 Believe me, I wanted to like "Spirit". The idi...
 I had the displeasure of watching this movie w...
 This is actually one of my favorite films, I w...
 My college theater just had a special screenin...
 I rented this movie because the cover was cool...
 I watched a made for television film about the...
 Seriously, the fact that this show is so popul...
 One would think (as I did), that with Steve Ma...
 Many more eloquent reviews than this have desc...
 I hoped for this show to be somewhat realistic...
 I really wanted to like this movie, but it was...
 If you get a chance to get a hold of this lost...
 All I could think of while watching this movie...
 I am curious of what rifle Beckett was using i...
 This was really the worst movie I've ever seen...
 <br /><br />This is definitely a 'must see' fo...
 The thing about calling "House of the Dead" th...
 "Smokey And The Bandit" wasn't exactly Shakesp...
 The film is about Sir Christopher Strong (MP--...
 This was a really interesting Halloween film. ...
 I don't see why everyone loves this film so mu...
 This is one of Chaplin's First National films ...
 This is an extraordinary film musically. It ma...
 An anthology is always risky business and I th...
 I paid one dollar for this DVD and at first I ...
 I'm starting to write this review during a bre...
 Fever Pitch has many of the clichés we have co...
 This movie has an all star cast, John Candy, R...
 Very good martial arts film and Jet Li is the ...
 John Carpenter's Halloween<br /><br />Is it th...
 As a film buff, I obviously had read all the e...
 For the record, the 1949 version of "The Blue ...
 After seeing the poster from the film Smother,...
 This is an incredible piece of drama and power...
 "What is love? What is this longing in our hea...
 Despite some really scenic locations in the or...
 I consider this movie a masterpiece, but it to...
 Well this just maybe the worst movie ever at l...
 Well... Vivah is quite a good, but typical Soo...
 I guess there are two ways to make a movie wit...
 Due to the fact that in 1976 there were no CGI...
 Was struck at how even the acting was througho...
 The plot doesn't offer any new excitements, it...
 Ordinarily I really enjoy movies like "Chances...
 Though Cher and Cage are the focal points of t...
 Any one who saw the original would have to go ...
 To say that Thunderbirds is a horrid, forced, ...
 Conrad Phillips stars in the 1950s action adve...
 Reading through all these positive reviews I f...
 Footprints is a very interesting movie that is...
 this movie was really bad. it has that quality...
 I'm afraid that I didn't like this movie very ...
 I bought a DVD of this film for my girlfriend ...
 I saw most of "My Bollywood Bride" today at th...
 I too was fortunate enough to see "Checking Ou...
 What a terrible movie this was! I made it abou...
 Maybe this wowed them in the 50's, but this is...
 I was quite impressed with this movie as a chi...
 Best fan boy movie I've ever watched save "Fre...
 First than anything, I'm not going to praise I...
 Imagine if you will: four teen students have a...
 In a penitentiary, four prisoners occupy a cel...
 Oh if only I could give this rubbish less than...
 this film is what happens when people see like...
 I just finished up this unofficial adaptation ...
 Despite its budget limitations, this is a grea...
 This 1974 Naschy outing is directed by Leon Kl...
 Charles Bronson stars as Lt Crowe a police det...
 In his otherwise excellent book, Lincoln in Am...
 This is an excellent, fast paced thriller by W...
 Watched this when it was first screened and th...
 This movie came and went in the theaters. Due ...
 My family and I screened Underdog the night be...
 here in Germany it was only shown on TV one ti...
 OK, the very idea is ludicrous.<br /><br />1. ...
 Some funny bits, but come Bill! A film? Quotin...
 The opening was a steal from "Eight-legged Fre...
 I felt this film - throughout. I waas impresse...
 The film maybe goes a little far, but if you l...
 i thought this movie was really really great! ...
 This film is a disaster from beginning to end....
 Much as we all love Al Pacino, it was painful ...
 Thank you The FilmZone for showing this sleazy...
 I had actually considered investing in this mo...
 what was Bruce Willis thinking when he signed ...
 This movie had the potential to be a decent th...
 This is a video version of a stage production,...
 I watched all three mad max films in successio...
 I once used Wesley Snipes' name as a clue to g...
 This has to be the WORST movie ever!!! The act...
 In the 1980's patriotism, and in some cases fl...
 I enjoyed this movie extremely. It was the las...
 First of all, I don't understand why some peop...
 The eighth, and thus second-to-last short of t...
 As good an advert for republicanism as you're ...
 Without doubt Beat Street is the best film abo...
 After reading so many glowing reports of 'To S...
 If you want to see a movie with nudity, sex, d...
 This movie truly shows the farce and hypocrisy...
 Even though I have great interest in Biblical ...
 "Shuttle" is an indie thriller about four youn...
 Why did I go to see this film? Honestly, becau...
 I enjoyed this film. But I was surprised to se...
 "Ambushed" is no ordinary action flick. It's m...
 If you want to learn something about the Spani...
 'Arms and the Man' is one of Shaw's funniest p...
 <br /><br />"step aside for hollywood veterans...
 This movie does not really promote kids to be ...
 This is, for different reasons, a very very ba...
 Very good point there : "only an elite few (th...
 This one is a little better than the first one...
 I not only consider this to be the best film t...
 When recounting these events that took place s...
 Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) was born to ...
 Film Noire is a genre that requires a certain ...
 Should we take the opening shot as a strange f...
 Trey Parker and Matt Stone, the creators of th...
 I like Christophe Lambert as an actor. He has ...
 Perhaps the weakest film in the "Kharis" serie...
 There have been so many many films based on th...
 We saw this film in Toronto at the Film Festiv...
 I was gifted with this movie as it had such a ...
 He plays straight but with a quiet intensity t...
 Although time has revealed how some of the eff...
 Imagine the worst skits from Saturday Night Li...
 Film noir at its best. Set in the immediate af...
 This was one of those films I would always com...
 Parker and Stone transplant their pacy expleti...
 Cavemen was by far the biggest load of crap I ...
 i totally disagree with the person who first c...
 As far as parody films go, there are few that ...
 I have been a huge fan of the original crew of...
 I enjoyed this film very much. Many Korean peo...
 Some war movies succeed where others do not, a...
 This show is my guilty pleasure all the way!! ...
 Awful, simply awful. It proves my theory about...
 This film is an excellent teaching tool as a p...
 This film was made and cast from my home town....
 I read some gushing reviews here on IMDb and t...
 Well, in all honesty it's beyond the boundarie...
 This show is without a doubt one of the greate...
 I was fully amped up to see this film. I had b...
 Oh boy, where do I go with this one? Herendous...
 Returning from 20 years in China, a young miss...
 Okay, so Ghoulies 4 is kind of bad. And it doe...
 "Sleepwalkers" is the first film which Stephen...
 After reading the previous comments, I'm just ...
 Good Folks, I stumbled on this film on evening...
 Just a comment on New Orleans accents...<br />...
 By convincing the Prime Minister to back the t...
 This splendidly-directed fantasy is the second...
 This is the first out of the Guinea Pig series...
 Well, what's to say. THE GOLDEN CHILD falls in...
 Don't Torture a Duckling is an absolutely stun...
 What could have been some majorly creepy stuff...
 While I was watching this movie I never though...
 Sloppily directed, witless comedy that suppose...
 "Five Characters In Search of An Exit" clearly...
 Gentleman Jim not really a boxing film. It is ...
 Anyone who has seen the trailer for this film ...
 An eye opening documentary about the 1993 sieg...
 I was very surprised how much I enjoyed this f...
 There was some hesitation from my part about w...
 Wow, I was really disappointed. I wasn't reall...
 You could get into the nitty gritty of this fi...
 Bad. Bad. Bad. Bad. Bad. What else can I say. ...
 There's nothing amazing about 'The Amazing Mr ...
 Warner Brothers produced this 3D extravaganza ...
 One night I stumbled upon this on the satellit...
 It aired on TV yesterday, so I decided to chec...
 On paper, this movie would sound incredibly bo...
 The worst film ever made, bar none. Give yours...
 One of the funniest, most romantic, and most m...
 This show is just another bad comedy which wil...
 No ,I'm not kidding. If they ever propose a mo...
 According to "Lucien Rebatet" in his "Histoire...
 Well, how do you even rate a movie such as thi...
 As was to be expected, A Mazursky film made in...
 This movie has one of the best club scenes, ve...
 One of the funniest movies made in recent year...
 i think it is a nice movie; i think it is a ve...
 This was surprisingly intelligent for a TV mov...
 Really the tale of two cocky brothers and thei...
 Director Jeremiah Checheck who brought us big ...
 This movie was one of the rolling on the floor...
 This is a haunting short film. Both James Fran...
 Not knowing what this film was about, I checke...
 This film ain't half bad. It may be a little l...
 I expected to enjoy a romantic comedy featurin...
 What a pleasure. This is really a parody. Only...
 Yesterday I finally satisfied my curiosity and...
 please save your money and go see something el...
 Prior to seeing Show People, my impression of ...
 Overall, the Dad's Army movie is very funny, a...
 The Ancient Mariner is a truly classic piece o...
 Margaret Mitchell spins in her grave every tim...
 For those of you who have read Rohinton Mistry...
 This documentary was neither professionally no...
 The plot of the story and the performance of t...
 In Europe, it's known as Who Dares Wins; in Am...
 I really enjoyed this Minghella epic, thought ...
 It's hard to criticize this movie, because I d...
 I was expecting to view a more exploitation st...
 Decent action scenes, but the movie is saddled...
 MEN OF HONOR features Cuba Gooding Jr., in wha...
 I really must have caught a different film fro...
 At least for me. I have been following the car...
 Ali G earned his fame on the small screen - th...
 I loved this film when I was little. Today at ...
 I like The Wind and the Lion very much. It was...
 I wanted to punch the TV. Watching it was tort...
 This kid is rather bad, but in no way do they ...
 I won't argue with anyone who pronounces this ...
 Mr Michael Jackson is an artistic phenomenon. ...
 As we are well aware, movies are not set out t...
 Story of a strange love and a fall desire. Poe...
 I'm 60 years old, a guitarist, (lead/rhythm), ...
 Let me start off by saying that I loved the or...
 I once lived in the u.p and let me tell you wh...
 This film was made soon enough after Karen's p...
 You know a movie is bad when the highlight of ...
 You just cant touch NRFPTP! The new crop is ju...
 Stephen King adaptation (scripted by King hims...
 The script seems to have been wholesale (ahem ...
 I've never been a fan of Farrah Fawcett...Unti...
 But like the Disney film of two generations ag...
 "Foxes" is a great film. The four young actres...
 I disliked Frosty returns and this one. Both o...
 It's strange how the least known movies someti...
 You know this is gonna be a cheesy movie when:...
 This is not "so bad that it is good," it is pu...
 I saw this film in a Cinema-Club in Germany in...
 Yep, Edward G. gives us a retro view of the cr...
 Dee Snider was inspired to do a two part song ...
 Shadows breathes the smell of New York's stree...
 This is a parody. That means, there are no cha...
 What makes this documentary special from a fil...
 The movie was certainly true to the real life ...
 This movie has made me a rugby -- and Coach La...
 The brilliant Australian comic genius Barry Hu...
 Watch this movie just to see Shahrukh Khan say...
 This was one of the best half-hour horror/susp...
 The story is quite original, but the movie is ...
 Was very fortunate to see the movie Hari Om at...
 watch this movie. it's truly a good ride throu...
 The film concerns a classic theme. In fact it ...
 I can't believe I've just spent one and a half...
 Hi, Everyone, If you saw "Singing in the Rain,...
 1st watched 2/2/2003 - 4 out of 10(Dir-Jim Kam...
 Andy McDermott (Tom Everett Scott) is a shy Am...
 A story of amazing disinterest kills "The Psyc...
 This is the kind of film for a snowy Sunday af...
 The bearings of western-style Feminism on the ...
 This movie came aside as a shock in the eighti...
 Part Two picks up... not where the last film l...
 The worst movie I have ever seen. The sound qu...
 This is one of the better feel-good films of 1...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** There's not much...
 I'm a big fan of films where people get conned...
 This is a decent endeavor but the guy who wrot...
 I love this anime! I was laughing my head off ...
 Chris Gerolmo took care not to simply give us ...
 If you're in the mood for some dopey light ent...
 This film provides the saga of a legendary Wil...
 Of course, going into it, one would expect it ...
 I loved this movie. It was almost the same as ...
 I recently found a copy for $5 at a video stor...
 From start to finish, this 1926 classic two re...
 TV movies generally do not receive as much rec...
 Its hard to decide where to begin.I bought thi...
 Despite its many faults, Hallmark's 1995 versi...
 I saw the episode about living on minimum wage...
 Masters of Horror: The Screwfly Solution start...
 First love is a desperately difficult subject ...
 What is with all of the European (especially E...
 After watching Caddyshack 1 I'd heard there wa...
 Where this movie is faithful to Burroughs' vis...
 9/11 is a classic example of cinema verite, a ...
 Not sure why the other comment on this film wa...
 blows my mind how this movie got made. i watch...
 I ran across this movie on a local TV channel ...
 I don't quite know how to explain "Darkend Roo...
 this movie had a lot of blood in it when the s...
 NATIONAL LAMPOON'S CLASS REUNION was a flop wh...
 The EMPEROR'S NEW GROOVE cast returns for Disn...
 this is best comedy i ever seen! but not all c...
 Sheba Baby, is another Pam Grier Blaxploitatio...
 This documentary traces the origins and life o...
 The main reason I loved this movie is because ...
 Mr. "Uwe Fail" strikes again, transformed a cl...
 I'd read all the negative reviews for "Anna Ch...
 If a movie has an unimaginative, hackneyed sto...
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever se...
 Help! Once again, Paul Schrader has sabotaged ...
 I was waiting for this movie for a time. In th...
 I was a huge fan of the original cartoon serie...
 Go way back to page ten of this review section...
 great historical movie, will not allow a viewe...
 I don't know how and where do the Iranian dire...
 When i heard they were making this i was quite...
 I am a HUGE Adam Sandler fan, and one day I wa...
 I had seen Lady with Red Hair back when it app...
 Wow.. where do I begin. I rented this movie be...
 This program was on for a brief period when I ...
 This was soul-provoking! I am an Iranian, and ...
 S.I.C.K. really stands for So Incredibly Crapp...
 In sixth grade, every teacher I had decided it...
 Goldie Hawn, in 1969, was best known for playi...
 so. i was completely in love with this movie. ...
 This program is a favorite of our family, and ...
 If you are expecting to see a lot in the bath ...
 I don't know why I keep doing this to myself!!...
 if you like gangster type of movies, then this...
 It was easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to ma...
 It starts off pretty well, with the accident a...
 I tried to remove anything that might be consi...
 If there was some weird inversed Oscar Academy...
 It is very rare for a film to appeal to viewer...
 Full House is a great show. I am still today g...
 This video nasty was initially banned in Brita...
 From the very beginning, the political theme o...
 The story starts off in the home of a little g...
 I had enjoyed the Masters of Horror Series unt...
 One of the great classic comedies. Not a slaps...
 A few buddies and myself have the strange hobb...
 This is a movie of tired, yet weirdly childish...
 A vampire's's henchman wants to call her after...
 This movie was quite a mess. There wasn't anyt...
 I am sorry to see that SURFACE has not been pi...
 I thought King Solomon's Mines was beautifully...
 I have no idea how anyone can give this movie ...
 The story is disjointed and poorly written. We...
 I let a friend talk me into viewing this movie...
 If you're looking for an original horror flick...
 My discovery of the cinema of Jan Svankmajer o...
 This relic from before the days of the Product...
 There's really not a lot to say about Las Vega...
 Be prepared for the Trip to Haneke's "La piani...
 This is just one of those movies that continua...
 OK, the movie is good but I give it a 1 becaus...
 this was a fabulous adaptation of Jane Eyre. t...
 After seeing Meredith in "Beyond the Prairie" ...
 i should love this movie . the acting is very ...
 "House of Dracula" isn't all that bad of a fil...
 This episode introduced the Holodeck to the TN...
 I must have been in a good mood to give this s...
 I own this movie and have watched it several t...
 it was and a simpler time ( the seventies ), a...
 The story of this film is truly remarkable. A ...
 Peter Crawford discovers a comet on a collisio...
 Inventor Wayne Szalinsky (Rick Moranis) is pre...
 Yokai Monsters: Spook Warfare (Yokai daisenso,...
 This picture is a bad and blown up rip off of ...
 This movie is so stupid it simply goes around ...
 Nell Shipman attempted a plot to lead up to a ...
 Overlong drama that isn't capable of making an...
 I don't quite get the rating for The Amati Gir...
 I got lured by the title... I was expecting an...
 Being a self confessed slasher addict means th...
 I have just recently read the novel "mother ni...
 I really like this movie. I can watch it on a ...
 "Witchery" is a decent little Euro-Trash horro...
 I have the good common logical sense to know t...
 Squeamish 11-year-old Luke Benward (as Billy "...
 Morte a Venezia is one of my favorite movies. ...
 This movie was based on actual fact? I sincere...
 Solange is not a great Italian thriller. Get r...
 I hated the first episode of this show ( 'Prot...
 With Hong Kong heart-throb Andy Lau and vetera...
 This has got to be the most stupid film I have...
 Gary Busey did a splendid job playing the rock...
 I had the honor this evening to see a screenin...
 Here's what you have to remember about this mo...
 This movie was well done but it also made me f...
 I really wanted to love this movie, and not on...
 A slick production which holds the interest fr...
 I'm no director or writer or anything related ...
 I had seen Marion Davies in a couple of movies...
 this movie is a pile of rubbish , and to try a...
 What was an exciting and fairly original serie...
 If you enjoy the subtle (yes, I said subtle) a...
 I've seen this film more than once now, and th...
 I think this is a pretty good movie, but one t...
 Remember the good ol' animated batman show fro...
 I knew it would be a bad movie when I rented i...
 Madonna gets into action, again and she fails ...
 I have seen The Perfect Son about three times....
 Zane and Beringer will keep you on the edge of...
 I will warn you here: I chose to believe those...
 I've seen some terrible book-to-film adaptatio...
 The story: On the island Texel, photographer B...
 I doubt much of this film is based on a true s...
 I watched this last night on Sundance. Altman ...
 Not the best of the WIP's, but not the worst e...
 The film shows relations of the dying mother, ...
 Batman Returns is more Gothic and somber than ...
 This was a character's movie. The plot wasn't ...
 I knew absolutely nothing about Chocolat befor...
 Rita Hayworth is just stunning at times and, f...
 Antitrust falls right into that category of fi...
 **SPOILERS** Redicules slasher film that makes...
 This movie is great--especially if you enjoy v...
 I remember this movie. Quite intense for an 11...
 This was by far the best war documentary ever ...
 From hardly alien sounding lasers, to an eleme...
 This movie was terrific and even with a less t...
 I first saw this film around ten years ago and...
 This is my favorite of the older Tom & Jerry c...
 I was rather appalled to see the low rating th...
 Dripping with symbolism and filled with marvel...
 This movie wasn't just bad - it was terrible. ...
 Eddie Izzard is nothing short of a comedic gen...
 This is by far the worst movie I've ever seen....
 I admit creating great expectations before wat...
 This movie is actually worse than most movies ...
 Like Richard Pryor, Mason never got the materi...
 I guess those who have been in a one-sided rel...
 I give 3 stars only for the beautiful pictures...
 OK. There are people who should not see this m...
 When taken as a whole for its ideas and dissec...
 (First of all, excuse my bad English) Of cours...
 I'm sorry to say that there isn't really any w...
 ... and how they bore you right out of your mi...
 Did I step in something or is that bad smell c...
 Vertigo co-stars Stewart (in his last turn as ...
 While this isn't an all time classic comedy it...
 What an utter disappointment! The score of 6,1...
 As far as HEIST movies go, this one is pretty ...
 I saw the movie last night and I really wanted...
 I had the pleasure of watching this two chairs...
 The Odd Couple is a comic gem. One the funnies...
 Having read Diamond's book, I was slightly dis...
 It's amazing that this movie turns out to be i...
 Im a die hard Dads Army fan and nothing will e...
 Check out the film's website, more time was pu...
 I will keep it to bullet points so here goes: ...
 Being a fan of Marlene Dietrich's films, I was...
 "Wagons East" is widely known as John Candy's ...
 This horror movie starts out promisingly enoug...
 Johnathan Frakes is a good actor and, when he'...
 This movie was so heart warming. A true testam...
 Remember H.G. Wells' "The Invisible Man"? Well...
 This is a film that really makes me cringe. In...
 I've seen Lonesome Dove, Dead Man's Walk, and ...
 Both the book and the film are excellent in th...
 To some, this Biblical film is a story of judg...
 After just viewing the movie, I must say this ...
 Rajinikanth becomes born again after getting a...
 I love this show! It's like watching a mini mo...
 Haines is excellent as the brash cadet who thi...
 If you have not heard of this film from Walt D...
 Was it a thriller, as I thought when I saw the...
 The Reader is a perfect example of what a shor...
 The ghost of the Vietnam war has haunted the A...
 This has got to be the best movie I've ever se...
 The performance by Om Puri, Smita Patil, and S...
 Lucio Fulci, later known for his graphic horro...
 *SPOILERS*<br /><br />I don't care what anyone...
 The beginning of the 90s brought many "quirky"...
 So, where are the cannibals? Those intrigued b...
 This is a unique and bold film. It's energetic...
 My question is what was the worst element of t...
 Meek and mild Edward G. Robinson (as Wilbert W...
 The film is somewhat entertaining, but the gre...
 It's always interesting to view a horror movie...
 Boring as hell and kind of a chick flick.<br /...
 OK, so Soldier isn't deep and meaningful like ...
 The question, when one sees a movie this bad, ...
 Roy Scheider is not Steve McQueen or Clint Eas...
 This film was bad. Bad acting, bad directing, ...
 This is by far the WORST movie I have ever see...
 I'm glad I never watched this show when it cam...
 I really thought that this movie was superb. N...
 I don't recommend watching this movie. It's a ...
 This movie states through its protagonist that...
 On one level, this film can bring out the chil...
 this film is an undisguised attempt to appeal ...
 Really, I think this movie is more an example ...
 Dear friends, I've never seen such a trash mov...
 City girl Meg Tilly receives a horrifying phon...
 *May Contain Spoilers* A few weeks after I had...
 One is tempted to define the genre of Gert de ...
 A movie about dealing with the problems with g...
 Makes "Invasion USA" look like "Apocalypse Now...
 The omission of Jazzy Jeff, the creator of the...
 I have to admit I did not finish this movie be...
 Scarecrows is one of those films that, with a ...
 "Father of the Pride " was another of those go...
 Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya is based on some...
 "Quintet" is definitely not a film most people...
 I also made the mistake of thinking that I was...
 "Dahmer" is an interesting film although I wou...
 I watched this movie really late last night an...
 Genre: Cartoon short with no dialogue, African...
 This cosy middle class sitcom became the subje...
 A scientist and his girl friend are out drivin...
 This has to be one of the top overrated anime ...
 I am one of the biggest fans of silent comedia...
 Aside from a few titles and the new Sherlock H...
 Richard Condie's utter maddness insanity carto...
 This movie was excellent, a bit scary, but exc...
 I think this programme is a load of rubbish. A...
 Recherche is a good word to describe this movi...
 All this talk about this being a bad movie is ...
 This movie is truly worth seeing - Robin Tunne...
 This sleek, sexy movie is a must-see. Only upo...
 This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie ...
 ....shut it off. The prologue with Fu Manchu's...
 Poor performances by Sinatra, Martin and Hyer....
 Following the World War II Japanese attack on ...
 I'll start by confessing that I tend to really...
 It is an interesting fact that metaphysics by ...
 What was this about ?? Pre-destination, you ca...
 - I had planned to write something explaining ...
 I bought this DVD set, sight unseen, and wish ...
 Conventional wisdom is that a sequel is seldom...
 This is a brilliant political satire. No wonde...
 I remember when I first heard about Jack Frost...
 Ponyo, written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki,...
 How do these guys keep going? They're about 50...
 I doubt Jigsaw was hip even at the time, the w...
 Is it just me, or is this an AWFUL film? I'm g...
 I like Kevin Bacon and Cathy Moriarty, and I l...
 "In Love and War" is a simple feel-good TV-fil...
 This movie is rich with action and gore. The s...
 Up until around 1970 Lucille Ball was one grea...
 I watched Lion king more times that all my fri...
 This movie changed the art of film making, tel...
 In the opening sequence of "Where's Poppa?", G...
 Power Rangers, the completely awful kid's show...
 Okay.. this wasn't the worst movie I've ever s...
 I have for years remembered a song "JUST A COU...
 I have loved this movie since I saw it in the ...
 "A Bug's Life" is like a favorite candy bar --...
 This story had the potential of a good film. T...
 Even worse then the incredibly boring "the Exo...
 I served as a Corpsman at Parris Island in the...
 The first time I watched it was when it came o...
 This was my first, and probably the last Angel...
 I had really only been exposed to Olivier's dr...
 and nothing else.<br /><br />One of my friends...
 I saw this movie years ago in a group traditio...
 Even though the plot was very well detailed,an...
 The Haunting. A remake, of course. The origina...
 Treading Water is a very beautiful movie. I wo...
 Not since J. Michael Straczynski's Babylon 5, ...
 One of the problems with popular culture, espe...
 If you value your life in any way, shape, or f...
 This film was hilarious. It provided a somewha...
 I loved this movie. The scenery was breathtaki...
 This is truly a kung fu classic. This film app...
 ...so where's my friggin trophy? I seriously e...
 Not sure if this is just a lousy movie or if i...
 There are many distinct problems with the movi...
 The Vampire Bat is set in the small German vil...
 Karen goes into a Japanese house as a substitu...
 This script was mildly original when it was wr...
 If you're a film student, or were one, or are ...
 I have seen Slaughter High several times over ...
 I´m from Germany and I love the mvovies. I go ...
 I don't know what would be so great about this...
 Some movies are repellent but still fascinatin...
 This movie is without a doubt the best I have ...
 My mother is as Gone With The Wind as one can ...
 This movie is a half-documentary...and it is p...
 I'm not a big fan of rom/coms at the best of t...
 the photography was beautiful but i had diffic...
 This American masterpiece came as near perfect...
 Legend has it that at the gala Hollywood premi...
 Let's Get Tough is one of those movies that pe...
 Elvira(Cassandra Peterson) is the host of a ch...
 This film requires a lot of patience. Because ...
 Does anyone remember BRAVEHEART ? It starred M...
 Note: I couldn't force myself to actually writ...
 This movie just seemed to lack direction. The ...
 Rock Hudson's second venture in the science fi...
 A few years ago, I bought several $1 DVD's tha...
 "The Devil in the Dark" is William Shatner's f...
 I enjoyed this film very much. It effectively ...
 People must learn to watch what is up there on...
 My very favorite character in films, but in ne...
 This movie will be a hit with those that enjoy...
 OK, OK, I must say I was impressed. It's hard ...
 this is a great movie. i like it where ning cl...
 My Super X-Girlfriend is one hell of a roller ...
 This was the worst TV movie I had ever seen. T...
 I had looked forward to viewing this movie, it...
 The Twilight Zone has achieved a certain mytho...
 This should be required viewing for all young ...
 Back in college I studied marketing and, even ...
 Having worked professionally with young girls ...
 Also known as "Water Lilies" this film tells t...
 I loved this movie. First, because it is a fam...
 A total and utter travesty of a movie.'Dark po...
 I grew up watching the old Inspector Gadget ca...
 There is little more that I would like to say ...
 David Mackenzie's follow-up to the brilliant Y...
 What in God's name happened here? How does one...
 Tintin and I recently aired as an episode of P...
 How better to describe it than scuzzy criminal...
 I think I've seen worse films, so I'm giving t...
 I would be one of the few people who owns a co...
 The real irony is this: Joe Besser was a top n...
 I just got back from the film and I'm complete...
 After the overrated success of Amenabar and Ba...
 When I heard Disney had the rights to "Underdo...
 ý thýnk uzak ýs the one of the best films of a...
 I seems in the beginning a interesting film, a...
 I don't know why I picked this movie to watch,...
 PDQ Bach did it better. Much of "Bach"'s speak...
 This movie earns its 3 for lousy writing, poor...
 This story is told and retold and continues to...
 I am a huge fan of the original Assault On Pre...
 Legendary Cameron Mitchell turkey about an act...
 Sinnui yauman, is without a doubt one of the b...
 In Iran women are prohibited from attending li...
 This was a great movie for being only 67 minut...
 CQ could have been good, campy fun. But it com...
 James Bond in the wilderness? Well, that's the...
 This first (and hopefully not last) Wallace & ...
 This is going to be my first review on IMDb an...
 This movie was a thorough diappointment. There...
 I starred as Eugene Morris Jerome in my high s...
 We were excited to rent this one after reading...
 This is the crappiest film I have ever seen bu...
 This isn't a very good movie, but it is easily...
 I just watched this short at the PlanetOut Mov...
 The slightly overlong set up episode of the pr...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 Who would have thought that such an obscure li...
 Why would anyone make a film like this? Why wo...
 Mary Poppins is definitely much better, but th...
 After I saw "La Pianiste" several years ago, I...
 A fantastic movie, and very overlooked. Gary h...
 It borrowed scenes from LOTR, Matrix, Star War...
 Note that I did not say that it is better...ju...
 Although it's been hailed as a comedy-drama I ...
 I've never been impressed by JD anyway, and Fi...
 I don't understand why some of you (or many) h...
 The mod squad gets started 'after' the formati...
 Japanese Tomo Akiyama's Keko Mask (1993) is ex...
 I don't understand why more people have not co...
 but I want to say I cannot agree more with Moi...
 Harry Knowles has a quote right on the front c...
 I've seen better production quality on YouTube...
 The Lifetime channel aired this in October but...
 Of course I was watching BG. I loved S1, I lik...
 I saw this when it first came to video, my lit...
 In this movie everything possible was wrong an...
 I'm seen this documentary in its feature-form,...
 Somehow they summed up the 60's, ten years tha...
 I had first watched this several years ago on ...
 David Lynch usually makes films that resemble ...
 I saw this film last night following a lot of ...
 When I was growing up, Voyage into Space was m...
 In this short an urban man and his wife have t...
 I actually found this movie 'interesting'; fin...
 This is only the second time I've felt compell...
 Michael Caine has always claimed that Ashanti ...
 This is a beautiful, funny, vivid film. It's e...
 SKELETON MAN was okay for the first 5 minutes ...
 The idea behind Dead Silence is great: zombie ...
 I love Sarah Plain and Tall:Winters End. Its s...
 Hallam Foe tells us the story about a boy who ...
 Master of Italian horror Dario Argento is call...
 I guess that after Leonard Nimoy had been succ...
 <br /><br />Have you ever felt like your being...
 I think this would have been a much better fil...
 This show has all the typical characters in a ...
 This appears to be two movies spliced into one...
 This show drives me crazy. It goes against eve...
 The movie is just as fun as staring at the sun...
 This show had a lot of hype but I didn't know ...
 This is the most frightening film ever made in...
 Albuquerque is a film that has all the element...
 I saw this Australian film about 10 years ago ...
 I have not watched every jackass episode. It w...
 This is the worst movie of ALL TIME! It's one ...
 If you feel Reshammiya as the singer is too mu...
 It's now 2005 and 15+ years since this cartoon...
 Neither the total disaster the UK critics clai...
 Former brat pack actor and all round pretty bo...
 I don't know why the critics trashed this movi...
 "Miss Cast Away" is an amusing trifle, which d...
 This movie over does it on the cgi i mean sci-...
 PLEASE people! DO NOT bother with this poorly ...
 Ken Russell directed this weird ( Not very ) e...
 There is the thrill of low-budget film noir. A...
 After tracking it down for half a year, I fina...
 This is one of those movies that make better t...
 This was perhaps the worst movie I've seen in ...
 Spoiler below, but read on or you'll never kno...
 I've seen about 820 movies released between 19...
 The 1930s. Classy, elegant Adele (marvelously ...
 The idea for the movie wasn't too bad: a horro...
 This movie was by far the worst movie that I h...
 I'm from Romania i'll try to speak in English....
 This usually all sounds a lot better in my hea...
 Stilted, stagy, strange and opaque, if visuall...
 I've seen many Dustin Hoffman's movies like St...
 I watched this movie "miniseries" on televisio...
 It is so rare that I get to rate a movie witho...
 No movie with Madeleine Carroll in its cast co...
 I have seen bad films but this took the p***. ...
 Robert Culp (they call his character "doctor"....
 A large part of the scenes should be cut off. ...
 The Horror Channel plays nothing but erotic so...
 Water shows the plight of Indian widows in the...
 this moving was intriguing and absorbing; howe...
 The morbid Catholic writer Gerard Reve (Jeroen...
 The film exposes the blatant exploitation of t...
 If you and your friends find as much humor and...
 Normally, I have no problem with a movie or st...
 I really disliked this movie....mainly because...
 This low-budget indie film redefines the word ...
 This movie makes "Glitter" look like "Schindle...
 The Book gets 10 out of 10 stars...<br /><br /...
 In what could have been an otherwise run of th...
 From what I remember seeing of this film, it w...
 This "horror" movie lacks any horror or even m...
 A much undervalued film that tells the story o...
 Absolutely putrid slasher film has not one red...
 This is the funniest movie I have ever seen. H...
 'Til There was You is one of the worst films w...
 Eisenstein describes his collaboration with Pr...
 Somehow, I really thought that I was going to ...
 Watched this on KQED, with Frank Baxter commen...
 Convoluted, infuriating and implausible, Fay G...
 When A Stranger Calls is actually a pretty goo...
 Essentially this is a dreadful film with a few...
 "Seeing Other People" is a daring romantic com...
 I rented this some years ago, the video store ...
 First of all, really Kim Basinger? Your rich b...
 Welcome to a bad ghost story and someone's nig...
 I don't usually like this sort of movie but wa...
 Well, I can honestly say that this is the firs...
 If I'm to like a movie, I need to care about t...
 "Goodbye, Mr. Chips" is a superbly written and...
 This movie was suspenseful and fun to view. As...
 I saw this film at the 2001 Toronto Internatio...
 DR. SEUSS' HOW THE GRINCH STOLE CHRISTMAS / (2...
 "The Beguiled" is one of my favorite Clint Eas...
 David Beckham is a British soccer star and the...
 Veteran sleazeball Bruno Mattei is at it again...
 Jungle Fever is too highly stylized, stereotyp...
 This movie is a perfect example of a film that...
 210 minute version (extremely hardcore, or so ...
 I cannot believe the same guy directed this cr...
 I was wrapped to see many other people also en...
 Brilliant technology. But what good does it do...
 This is one of those movies where the acting, ...
 I found the film quite good for what I was exp...
 Parker (Johnathan Schaech) is an aspiring writ...
 Cusack does his best David Niven in this one, ...
 Where do I begin? I first saw this film in 199...
 Songwriter Robert Taylor (as Terry) is "dizzy,...
 I have spent the last week watching John Cassa...
 This film is about a bunch of misfits who are ...
 This movie was produced by the biggest produce...
 With Adam Sandler.<br /><br />This is without ...
 Gruveyman2 (comment below)you are a complete i...
 When THE MAGIC OF LASSIE opened at Radio City ...
 I like underground films when they have someth...
 I'd heard about this movie, but didn't see it ...
 A man is wrongfully accused of killing his fri...
 i believe that this movie was a terrible waste...
 I would think that this was one of those films...
 My wife and I watched this movie because we pl...
 So, Steve Irwin. You have to admire a man who ...
 I got the DVD very cheap and I'm a total Drewb...
 You may like Tim Burton's fantasies, but not i...
 Who were they kidding with this? There was jus...
 I have read all of Shakespeare's plays, seen p...
 This series has its ups and occasional downs, ...
 After reading all of the rave reviews about th...
 James Stewart plays Dr. Ben McKenna, who, with...
 Grand epic as it is, Kenneth Branagh's monumen...
 never before has a film driven me to write a r...
 Jude Law gives his all in this beautifully fil...
 I haven't seen all of Jess Franco's movies, I ...
 I watched this movie with some friends a coupl...
 I first saw this movie in Papua New Guinea in ...
 Sometimes I think that somewhere in the "Lifet...
 Sorry - this movie is just a cheap TV-Producti...
 For a brief moment. The opening scene with Tra...
 ... It even beats the nasty "raw". Almost twen...
 I saw Saving Grace right after it came out on ...
 Set in the 70s, "Seed" centers around convicte...
 This is one of the best Non-English series I h...
 "Thieves and Liars" presents us with a very na...
 ***SPOILERS*** When undercover Brooklyn North ...
 This movie was marketed extremely well. When i...
 It's amazing what you can do with little money...
 'I'm working for a sinister corporation doing ...
 Who will love my children has changed my heart...
 Yeah, it is. In fact, it's somewhere in my top...
 Stupid, Stupid, Stupid. I think that Angelina ...
 Mount Godwin-Austin (otherwise known as K2) is...
 Boy-girl love affair/sequel with songs, only t...
 I can understand how Barney can be annoying to...
 Part of the BBC filming of all of Shakespeare'...
 I guess I have still enough brain left to NOT ...
 It's incredible how a movie can take so much t...
 Frankie Muniz plays Jason who is a high school...
 This is probably the fastest-paced and most ac...
 Chop Shop is a hidden treasure out in theaters...
 I was at this film's premiere at the Toronto F...
 I watched this film with high expectations but...
 Took a very good book and completely butchered...
 Being from Canada, I cannot say whether this f...
 With all the hype surrounding the stars of the...
 just watched it on sky TV missed the first hal...
 As an employee of the Swedish Air Force I enjo...
 A sincere tribute to Suzy Parker, who's just p...
 I admire 'Kissing on the Mouth' for its frankn...
 Although I brought this film by accident (I th...
 When I first watched this, we borrowed it from...
 "Who do you dream of? Hoot Gibson ... Howdy Do...
 This movie is powerful. I watched this movie a...
 For the 1980s, this is a very dark movie. At t...
 When the Bourne Identity arrived five years ag...
 It is ironic that during the '50s, when Dougla...
 I have seen this movie many many times and I w...
 The premise was intriguing, but sadly this fil...
 Sure Star Wars (a movie I have seen at least f...
 Betty and Boris eye each other at a junior dan...
 I'm a fan of low budget B-movies and campy hor...
 Steve Martin has always had my respect for bei...
 This is a cute little movie that provides pret...
 Forest Whitaker's performance is all the more ...
 "Rich in Love" is a slice-of-life film which t...
 Reviewing KAZAAM and saying it's a bad movie i...
 This was a great movie, and safe for the entir...
 several years ago i saw this film, without sub...
 This movie is available as a special "bonus" f...
 I at first thought this little fantasy excursi...
 Misguided, miscast, murky, interminable lunacy...
 I hadn't planned on watching O12 because I did...
 I've known about Bettie Page for many a year n...
 It is a great tragedy that both Richard Harris...
 A good film, and one I'll watch a number of ti...
 Okay, just by reading the title you would thin...
 Just went on YouTube and finally watched this ...
 Found this film in a DVD discount rack for $10...
 I was one of the few non-liberals who showed u...
 Life is too short to waste on two hours of Hol...
 I have always been fascinated by silent films....
 This film is bundled along with "Gli fumavano ...
 The plot of this movie is as dumb as a bag of ...
 By mistake, I ordered a series from the BBC, t...
 I watched this episode with high hopes after s...
 First of all, I'd like to tell you that I'm in...
 Look, I loved the PROPER Anchorman film, but t...
 My partner and I had never heard of this movie...
 A strong pilot, this two-hour episode does an ...
 Making a book into a movie by following the st...
 "Mr. and Mrs. Smith" is one of the not too wel...
 This Royal Rumble basically had the message of...
 How this character ever got hired by the post ...
 Cameron Grant is one of the best directors doi...
 It is not every film's job to stimulate you su...
 From actor and independent writer/director Joh...
 Deformed, aged female scientist kills fellow s...
 When "Good Times" premiered in 1974, it was on...
 The original Road House is by no means an awar...
 I doubt this will ever even be a cult film. I ...
 I attended the premier last night. The movie s...
 One Night at McCool's is a very funny movie th...
 I almost never comment on movies, but I saw th...
 Well, was Morgan Freeman any more unusual as G...
 This was unusual: a modern-day film which was ...
 Curly Sue is a 6 year old with an abundance of...
 Lord David Cecil wrote an interesting book in ...
 In today's world of digital fabrication, there...
 the movie opens with a beautiful lady in a tat...
 I have nothing against a fast-paced fright-fli...
 Think 'Charmed' with testosterone instead of e...
 Zodiac Killer. 1 out of 10. Worst acting ever....
 I was very excited to see a documentary on one...
 Hi:<br /><br />I heard about lost from a co-wo...
 The best part in this movie is the first one, ...
 "You were on your way up and you tripped on a ...
 I loved this film! I'm a true Tom Hanks fan, a...
 This movie is like real life, by which I mean ...
 Best Stephen King film alongside IT, though th...
 Following their daughter's brutal murder,Julie...
 This movie starts out with kids telling each o...
 I just watched this movie and I've gotta say t...
 This film is my favorite comedy of all time an...
 This show was laughably bad. The writing sucke...
 The success of the original French "Emmanuelle...
 "Five Fingers of Death" is a classic of 70's k...
 Burlinson and Thornton give an outstanding per...
 Man oh man... I've been foolishly procrastinat...
 It was like someone was trying to make a scary...
 Huge, exhaustive and passionate summary of Ame...
 Full House was and still is a great show. It's...
 I Won't say anything about music, because this...
 i was one "chosen" to see this movie in a snea...
 Much can usually be forgiven in period pieces ...
 (spoilers) Horrifyingly enough, I have actuall...
 I'm amazed we see even one nay-sayer criticizi...
 This is a family comedy -- in the very best se...
 Updated version of a story that had been turne...
 Corny and horrible, I was not surprised this s...
 Walt was particularly fond of quality. So how ...
 Bedknobs & Broomsticks is another one of Disne...
 This is the epitome of fairytale! The villains...
 My friend gives me these 3 huge boxes. "They'r...
 If it's an art and essay film, there is not en...
 This movie is just funny. mindless, but funny....
 Yep, it's me again! Mr 'I sit through crap so ...
 007's Goldeneye is one of the best N64 release...
 After three outstanding BBC television series'...
 What else is left to say?<br /><br />I've read...
 This movie is horrible if you pay attention to...
 I saw this movie back in 1954 on a double-bill...
 Along with Patrick McGoohan and Robert Culp, J...
 This is one of the best movie I have ever seen...
 It's true that this is not realistic story, bu...
 I don't think you can get much worse then this...
 Now this show looks like most of the other sho...
 This film is about a gap that exists between t...
 Rented a batch of films from Blockbuster last ...
 I think a great many viewers missed entirely t...
 In a sense, this movie did not even compare to...
 Now this is what a family movie should be! The...
 Hobgoblins... what a concept. Rick Sloan was a...
 This beautifully filmed and scripted episode w...
 I first saw Ice Age in the Subiaco Cinemas whe...
 Although this isn't a "great film," there's so...
 This movie was great. It had everything a true...
 This lame Harold Lloyd sound film has nary a l...
 This film directed by George Fitzmaurice, who ...
 I went looking for this movie in typical fan o...
 Ramin Bahrani sets up a scene early on in Chop...
 The appeal of this film has to be the artsy Eu...
 Bettie Page was a icon of the repressed 1950s,...
 L'Humanité is a murder mystery. These movies t...
 When I voted my "1" for this film I noticed th...
 Undoubtedly one of the great John Ford's maste...
 This is a good episode, but it's not my favori...
 I had the misfortune to see this film recently...
 Darling Lili is fantastic! Its by far one my f...
 I'm basing this on my observations of one epis...
 As long as you keep in mind that the productio...
 A short review without any spoilers follows.<b...
 I did not see this film in the theater. I conf...
 Of all of the post-1985 Perry Mason movies I h...
 I can't believe people are looking for a plot ...
 Friday the 13th meets the Matrix. As with all ...
 I remember this show being on the television w...
 I must admit that I am a fan of cheesy '80's c...
 Watched this film with an audience of....5 in ...
 A tough life gets tougher when the three child...
 The problem is that the movie rode in on the c...
 How do you spell washed up fat Italian who can...
 This movie is perfect for all the romantics in...
 If you're a fan of Jackass, Viva La Bam or the...
 Why this worthless piece of French cinema has ...
 This is not as funny and gory as the DVD box c...
 Timeless musical gem, with Gene Kelly in top f...
 "Voodoo Academy" features an "Academy" like no...
 What I think I'll probably like best about the...
 I LOVED GOOD TIMES with the rest of many of yo...
 Ho humm - - - More of nothing. If you are a lo...
 I am a great fan of David Lynch and have every...
 I'm pretty sure Poe would have considered this...
 this movie may not have seemed like much to so...
 In Stand By Me, Vern and Teddy discuss who was...
 I absolutely loved this movie. I am not even s...
 A review I have put off for far too long....<b...
 In 1954 Marlon Brando was THE hot actor after ...
 After reading several good reviews as well as ...
 The Bothersome Man is a smart, surreal movie t...
 The Haunted World of Edward D. Wood, Jr. isn't...
 Clara Lago is wonderful as the title character...
 This movie is a journey through the mind of a ...
 I've written at least a half dozen scathing re...
 Why did this movie fail commercially? It's got...
 Robert Stack never really got over losing a Be...
 I watched this film when I was a kid, and I th...
 I confess--Emma, in my opinion, is the single ...
 When you watch the making of with this DVD - t...
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever se...
 Frankie Dio (Lee VanCleef) is a high-ranking m...
 Full House is a wonderful sitcom that is about...
 ...not to waste your time watching this vanity...
 My best guess is this piece of work will come ...
 I had high hopes when I went into the theatre-...
 or anyone who was praying for the sight of Al ...
 I've bought, " The Feast of All Saints," and i...
 If you watch the documentary extra, you'll not...
 One of the perks of my job is that when things...
 i was kinda interested in this movie as a tras...
 Born Again is a okay episode of Season 1. The ...
 Well, first off, if you're checking out Revolt...
 This movie was recommended to me by a friend. ...
 For those expecting the cover art and story ou...
 The seven collaborations between director Jose...
 I thought that I was never going to find a hor...
 An Insomniac's Nightmare was an incredibly int...
 This movie sucked. It really was a waste of my...
 I caught this movie on FX last night, and as I...
 The director was probably still in his early l...
 I first saw this mini-series a number of years...
 Had the original casting idea been kept (hunti...
 Chupacabra: Dark Waters has to rank as one of ...
 I have some of the older videos and dvds of Dr...
 Richard Willaims is an animation god. He was h...
 Riveting drama, scripted by William Mastrosimo...
 My husband dragged me to this film as I had no...
 ((NB: Spoiler warning, such as it is!))<br /><...
 Oliver Stone, always ready to make politically...
 This film just won the best film award at the ...
 In 1925, childhood friends Marie Dressler (as ...
 After the atomic bomb hits Hiroshima, charred ...
 This film is unusual and bizarre, and it is ne...
 ** May contain spoilers ** Horrible. Just horr...
 Well, I guess I'm emotionally attached to this...
 When this film plays on television you might w...
 My main comment on this movie is how Zwick was...
 Why is it that any film about Cleopatra, the l...
 This movie is chilling reminder of Bollywood b...
 Great book, poorly done movie. Cheesy performa...
 Once again I must play something of the contra...
 This flick is worse than awful! It took a good...
 Yet another version of mother of all gangster ...
 This film is terrible, and don't blame Jesus F...
 Eleven years ago, Stanley Ipkiss released his ...
 I nominate this and BABYLON 5 as the best tele...
 Another exquisite taste of what a superhero mo...
 The worst Wrestlemania ever.<br /><br />This h...
 The famous French detective Henri Cassin takes...
 Just lovely. It is long. No climax. Don't wait...
 Well, it's safe to say that Subconscious Cruel...
 Danny De Vito shows us here he is definitely, ...
 I first saw this docudrama in the UK in the 19...
 Pointless movie about making a movie. No where...
 Mr. Destiny - 3.5/5 Stars<br /><br />"Mr. Dest...
 The French Babbette appears at the modest hous...
 This is quite the gripping, fascinating, tragi...
 I had borrowed the three Sarah movies from a f...
 Dressed to Kill understandably made a bit of a...
 To the small minority seen here praising this ...
 Show favorites Green Arrow (introduced this se...
 A realistic depiction of young love for the co...
 I loved this movie but then again I am a big C...
 Clint Eastwood reprises his role as Dirty Harr...
 Unless the title is supposed to be some kind o...
 Jack Webb's movie 'The D.I' came about from th...
 FBI Agents Mulder and Scully get assigned to p...
 The movie was actually not THAT bad, especiall...
 the usual disclaimer - I do not give 1 star ra...
 With Iphigenia, Mikhali Cacoyannis is perhaps ...
 I saw this at my local supermarket and I knew ...
 this fourth installment of the series is the l...
 The acting wasn't great, the story was full of...
 Playing a character from a literary classic ca...
 The filming is cheesy. Some of the actors over...
 <br /><br />my favorite science fiction, incre...
 AKA <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 3 x 1.78:1 withi...
 Hargh... this film is so bad it's almost good....
 Moonwalker is absolutely incredible !!!!!!! Wh...
 I'll start with what I liked.<br /><br />I rea...
 Not only was this movie better than all the fi...
 What made the idea of seeing this movie so att...
 Creep - "Your journey terminates here." Some v...
 This anime series starts out great: Interestin...
 So many times, Bollywood has tried to remake H...
 It is unfortunate that between this film, In t...
 Small college town coed OD's? (Why do we care?...
 Gorgeous Annie Belle in her prime stars in thi...
 In the opening scenes of this movie a man shot...
 I just saw this on cable. I liked it. It held ...
 039: Anna Christie (1930) - released 2/21/1930...
 If one wants to have a character in a movie ha...
 The story takes place in rural Germany on the ...
 A drama at its very core, "Anna" displays that...
 I have to admit, this movie moved me to the ex...
 Spectacular Horror movie that will give you th...
 Brian (Wesley Eure) works for a security firm ...
 You have GOT to see this movie... I saw it, as...
 I had to lower my rating of this movie to a 4 ...
 One of Cary Grant's most enduring comedies is ...
 I'll be honest,I finally checked this movie no...
 ONE NIGHT AT McCOOL'S / (2001) *** (out of fou...
 Jamie Foxx was the epitome of Ray Charles. Aft...
 We toss around the term "superstar" way too li...
 All right - it was in black and white and prob...
 Do all spoof films require pure stupidity and ...
 Nut case is murdering college students, can ne...
 Okay, it's a movie for children, and it's not ...
 I'll keep it short and brief, the people who w...
 What a powerful start to a film when Julia Rob...
 With a title like "Attack of the Killer Tomato...
 This was a popular movie probably because of t...
 This movie was awful. It centered too much aro...
 I think Purvis starts out to do a gay "Gone Wi...
 Jim Belushi is terrific as the "Average Joe" w...
 I think that Vanessa Marcil is the best actor ...
 In the many films I have seen Warren Oates, I ...
 Countless Historical & cultural mistakes 0/10<...
 I don't have much to add to what has been said...
 <br /><br />I recently viewed this atrocity in...
 I saw this movie at the theaters when I was ab...
 This Movie is a warning to all people sat surf...
 By the numbers story of the Kid (Prince), a si...
 I'll admit that I don't expect much from a Rog...
 Strangeland seems to have a love/hate relation...
 This is not a 'real' James Cagney vehicle sinc...
 Lance used to get quality support work from Ja...
 Krajobraz po bitwie like many films of Wajda i...
 Thsi is one great movie. probably the best mov...
 There are too many new styles of the sitcom bu...
 A complete zero out of four. One worst sums up...
 I watched this movie at the first showing avai...
 <br /><br />As a fan of bad movies (and MST3K,...
 In Manhattan, the American middle class Jim Bl...
 This movie is about six men who are assigned t...
 Latcho Drom is a cinematic survey of Gypsy mus...
 I see it when I was 12 year old and I dream to...
 I have just returned from Santa Fe. NM. I visi...
 It was easy to get lost in the simplicity and ...
 I'm not even going to comment on what piece of...
 irritating, illogical flow of events. pretty m...
 It is a rare and fine spectacle, an allegory o...
 This musical was not quite what I expected, fo...
 The Jazz Singer is one of a number of films ma...
 Directed by Jacques Tourneur (Cat People, Out ...
 Hooray for Title Misspellings! After reading r...
 A spaceship in some unspecified future where h...
 Featured in 1955's THE COBWEB is an all star c...
 An hilariously accurate caricature of trying t...
 I'm beginning to see a pattern in the movies I...
 As a teenager, I watched this movie every time...
 On account of my unfortunately not being able ...
 The original The Man Who Knew Too Much brought...
 As was mentioned before in other comments, the...
 Hello, this little film is interesting especia...
 This is halfway to being a top movie. The open...
 "Stella", starring Bette Midler in the title r...
 I can hardly believe that this inert, turgid a...
 No way this overly simplistic script, with bas...
 when i first saw this movie i was literally ro...
 ...instead, watch it as a great coming of age ...
 Well...it's about time! Van Damme is back and ...
 What is worth mentioning that is omitted in th...
 I am very impressed with the acting in Comanch...
 Director Alfred Green's melodrama "Baby Face" ...
 Yeah, what did I expect? I thought this would ...
 This film does a superb job of depicting the p...
 That's not just my considered verdict on this ...
 In this grim melodrama, Barbara Stanwyck plays...
 "The Gymnast" unfolds in short shots and short...
 This is another of those films I can remember ...
 please don't rent or even think about buying t...
 Needed an excuse to get out of the house while...
 Add this little gem to your list of holiday re...
 I only voted it 2/10 mainly because Hitchcock ...
 In its depiction of a miserable Milanese under...
 The best thing I can say about this film is th...
 An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is alw...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** There must have ...
 This is species already hatching into a beauti...
 The Three Stooges has always been some of the ...
 The only connection this movie has to horror i...
 What can i say, i have grown up watching Hum S...
 The net is an excellent movie! It's about Ange...
 I took my family to see Barnyard this past wee...
 I usually steer clear of Film Festivals and do...
 I know it's rather unfair to comment on a movi...
 Tediously long dreary cinematic waffle. I coul...
 "Dangerous Offender" is the story of a seeming...
 I used to watch this on either HBO or Showtime...
 I rented this movie simply because Rosario Daw...
 I was literally preparing to hate this movie, ...
 This movie is a modest effort by Spike Lee. He...
 <br /><br />I didn't see They Call Me Trinity,...
 A meteor drops from the sky and reawakens a pl...
 This "film" attempts to follow the genre of lo...
 After you see Vertigo, then watch Bell, Book a...
 I thought this movie was cleverly written and ...
 David Arquette is a young and naive home secur...
 Version: Universal / Hong Kong Legends R4 DVD ...
 I just finished watching this film and found i...
 Pretentious claptrap, updating Herman Melville...
 I've seen this movie twice already and am very...
 I just accidentally stumbled over this film on...
 There are some great Canadian films. There are...
 I barely remember this show, a little ,but I r...
 Franco films can be divided into 4 categories-...
 For those who still prefer films focusing on h...
 When people ask me whats the worst movie I've ...
 This is complete and absolute garbage, a fine ...
 An apparent vanity project for Karin Mani (who...
 A 1957 Roger Corman non epic in which a sundry...
 It is a strangely powerful and moving experien...
 About as hilarious as 50s British comedy can g...
 Nu Image, UFO and others produce films for the...
 Terence Stamp can carry off anything, but this...
 As a collector of movie memorabilia, I had to ...
 We start all of our reviews with the following...
 The weakest of the 'old' crew Star Trek films,...
 Recension: Angels & Demons<br /><br />The movi...
 This film doesn't know what it wants to be: is...
 Ok, I'm normally pretty open minded about movi...
 I watched this movie with some curiosity. I wa...
 When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I...
 this movie was definitely the worst movie i've...
 Estevez, Martin Sheen and Kathy Bates are supe...
 It took a loan out film to Columbia for Gene K...
 In the late eighties and early nineties the de...
 Would it be too trite of me to create a review...
 <br /><br />It sucked.<br /><br />I returned t...
 this movie was incredibly stupid with meaning ...
 i bought this in the budget department last we...
 Like one of the previous commenters said, this...
 I went to see this film with low expectations,...
 If you ever hear these three words uttered to ...
 Nothing like a movie about a group of friends ...
 I spotted the DVD on a store near my home, and...
 Based on a Ray Bradbury story; a professional ...
 My original comment on this particular title w...
 Starring: Kelsey Grammar, Rob Schneider, Laure...
 My husband and I are the parents of an autisti...
 What did producer/director Stanley Kramer see ...
 This video rocked! Eddie is one of the funnies...
 I love movies, and I'll watch any movie all th...
 My wife and I couldn't even finish the film. T...
 I watch the show every day and it is very ente...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** From its very op...
 Franco Nero stars as Cole a ninja who comes to...
 Documentary content: Amazing man, amazing move...
 I can't believe it! Were they crazy in filming...
 I'm a big Porsche fan, and the car was the bes...
 You gotta wonder how some flics ever get made....
 Star Pickford and director Tourneur -- along w...
 From the late teens to the 1920s, Stan Laurel ...
 I realize it's a small statistical sampling (8...
 Soultaker was written by and starred Vivian Sc...
 When I first saw the ad for this, I was like '...
 I liked the whole set up with Ceasar's Palace,...
 I watched this movie for a project on love. pl...
 I read most of the comments here were everybod...
 ...and it is this film. I imagine that if inde...
 WAR, INC. (2008) **1/2 John Cusack, Marisa Tom...
 'O Brother, Where Art Thou' is a gleeful retel...
 I loved this movie. In fact I loved being an a...
 There aren't many overcoming-the-odds stories ...
 Roy Rogers and company try to bring "Sintown" ...
 What I expected: A rather lame overly-stereoty...
 A girl named Isobel becomes possessed by a dem...
 Whenever I make up a list of the absolute wors...
 Seriously i thought it was a spoof when i saw ...
 A film of high intelligence and activity. As w...
 I don't particularly care from Michael Jackson...
 **SPOILERS** Since the disappearance at sea of...
 (Some Spoilers) Early 1930's educational movie...
 What ever happened to one of the most innovati...
 Hoppity is a charming if slightly phycadelic a...
 This movie was clearly an early attempt for a ...
 I watched this movie every chance I got, back ...
 I endured this film just to satisfy my curiosi...
 This movie was an absolute waste of time. It's...
 Alright if you want to go see this movie just ...
 1927, and Hollywood had been on the map as the...
 The Good Earth is a great movie!!!Everybody mu...
 Another awful movie from Hollywood. This time ...
 Beware the Scottish Play! In his riveting and ...
 (Caution: several spoilers)<br /><br />Someday...
 This is a very strange series with Dean Learne...
 "Where to begin, where to begin . . ?(Savannah...
 May contain spoilers.<br /><br />I say that, b...
 This is probably one of the most original love...
 I'm normally a sucker for romantic films which...
 An overlong, but compelling retelling of the f...
 I am a history teacher and overall I was pleas...
 I loved the first Little Mermaid. I know the s...
 High school. Years and decades later, some loo...
 I saw this movie on a night i couldn't sleep, ...
 This tender beautifully crafted production del...
 Born Bad is a well put together crime drama ab...
 A Thief in the Night has got to be the best ou...
 Story of Ireland in the 70/s. This film is a b...
 I saw this movie at the Locarno Film Festival ...
 VERY memorable comedy. It's fun to watch the m...
 This is simply a classic film where the human ...
 *** THIS CONTAINS MANY, MANY SPOILERS, NOT THA...
 Imaginary Heroes, the remarkable work of the t...
 Though I liked On the Town better I really lik...
 No scenario, bad actors (poor Melissa Gilbert)...
 I saw this film last night, a satire of the re...
 Maniratnam, who in India, is often compared wi...
 Freeway Killer, Is a Madman who shoots people ...
 Very slow, dull, enigmatic film. MAybe the kin...
 Count me as being one who is happy to see no H...
 I know, that's not what you expect from a film...
 I don't care how many bad reviews purple rain ...
 This Norwegian film starts with a man jumping ...
 Oh boy ! It was just a dream ! What a great id...
 I have seen the short movie a few years ago. A...
 i really liked this film.it features John Wayn...
 This film, an early William Wellman, has an im...
 Remember when Rick Mercer was funny? 22 Minute...
 The best way for me to describe Europa, which ...
 Unlike other commentaries, I found this film f...
 Routine suspense yarn about a sociopath (Dillo...
 This episode is certainly different than all t...
 I personally liked this movie and am alarmed a...
 I'm not sure why I picked for a borrow from mo...
 This was a superb episode, one of the best of ...
 What was the worst movie of 2003? "Cat in the ...
 I found this episode to be one of funniest I'v...
 Beat a path to this important documentary that...
 All of you who despaired looking at the emptin...
 forget the over-rated "Batman Begins, THIS is ...
 If I accidentally stumbled across this script ...
 An entertaining and substantive film, Non-Stop...
 This movie re-wrote film history in every way....
 For those of you out there who have seen this ...
 It saddens me to rate a movie with a lot of my...
 This is a movie I had never even thought of se...
 This film is a great comedy drama. Christopher...
 Joan Crawford had just begun her "working girl...
 Bad script? Check. Awful effects? Check. Horri...
 I mean seriously what group would sing about a...
 In September 2003 36-year-old Jonny Kennedy di...
 Fortunately for us Real McCoy fans (most likel...
 I watched this as part of a vampire movie mara...
 Ok, when I rented this several years ago I had...
 There have been several comments already on th...
 This movie started slowly, then gained momentu...
 This movie was so horrible...I want to beat th...
 An excellent documentry. I personally remember...
 I remember seeing a clip of this movie on HBO ...
 "Fred Claus" somehow avoids becoming this year...
 A rich experience is to be gained from watchin...
 It has been recorded that John Ford made the "...
 There's enough star power in THE HOUSE OF SPIR...
 Though I had sort of enjoyed THE SATANIC RITES...
 I have always admired Susan Sarandon for her i...
 Hmmm...where to start? How does a serious actr...
 I remember watching Police Squad! when it firs...
 I'm not going to go into too much depth, but S...
 bad acting , combats are very awful , 3-4 seco...
 The movie was very good. I'm an avid mystery f...
 This is a nice piece of work. Very sexy and en...
 Tyra Banks needs to teach these girls that it'...
 I registered for IMDb just to comment on this ...
 This film has possibly, the worst title for a ...
 This movie should have been billed as three mo...
 **** WARNING: here be spoilers **** Why do I w...
 This was the first directing job by Sebastian ...
 First I have to say that I really love Udo Kie...
 I picked this up in the 'Danger After Dark' bo...
 This movie would have been alright, indeed pro...
 A conversation about how Jan-Michael Vincent i...
 Kenneth Branagh shows off his excellent skill ...
 I saw this movie at the 2006 Palm Springs Inte...
 Talk Radio is of course, probably not the most...
 This movie is the biggest waste of nine dollar...
 God cuts himself with a straight razor, afterw...
 It's fun and fast paced, as one falsehood lead...
 This enjoyable minor noir boasts a top cast, a...
 Yes. Watch this movie if you like brave films....
 "The Snow Queen" is based on the famous and ve...
 What can I say. A Kamal Hassan movie being hor...
 The plot of 7EVENTY 5IVE involves college kids...
 I just saw "Valentine" and I have to say that ...
 Friday the 13th step over! There is officially...
 Kimi wa petto is a cute story about a girl who...
 Much more than ANY other film from that period...
 I know that actors and actresses like to try d...
 Lights of New York was the first all-talking f...
 I think it great example of the differences be...
 Recently, a friend and I were discussing educa...
 Some things just won't stay dead. They just ha...
 This movie is pathetic not because it's poorly...
 There are times I am convinced that The Mikado...
 As an avid fan of the Flashman books by George...
 Remember Greg the Bunny? It was this show that...
 What a bad, bad film!!! I can't believe all th...
 The word Ghilli actually means a small sharp w...
 Ah, the best and funniest movie about female f...
 Very suspenseful, surprisingly intelligent fil...
 The big problem I had with this movie was that...
 Think "stage play". This is worth seeing once ...
 I saw this film on television years ago, but h...
 One of my favorite movies, with a very nostalg...
 Everybody seems to compare this to The Matrix ...
 I would say this is a background movie. Play i...
 The Salena Incident is by far the director, Du...
 This movie is such cheesy goodness.<br /><br /...
 This is a great example of what could have bee...
 Done in a mock-documentary style, late 60's su...
 One wonders how the script came to be written....
 Another B-movie for teenagers, based mainly on...
 It's remarkable and quite praiseworthy how wri...
 I'm a big fan of the "Vacation" franchise, and...
 I saw this a couple of nights back, not expect...
 The film is not visually stunning in the conve...
 This was a sordid and dreary mess. I needed a ...
 25 sitcoms had big screen spin-offs. Most of t...
 Powers Booth is hypnotic as cult leader jim jo...
 Where do I start? The box should have been eno...
 it's a super movie!!!! i only seen it once but...
 Elegance and class are not always the first wo...
 Dave is going through a divorce and his mind w...
 In all truth, this really isn't a "movie" so m...
 I Love Ernest Goes to Jail. It's one of my top...
 Kevin Kline offers a brilliant comic turn in t...
 Quintet marks the only venture of both Paul Ne...
 Go see this movie for the gorgeous imagery of ...
 I started to watch this movie expecting nothin...
 After too many years of waiting, Anne Rivers S...
 I watched this movie with my mother when I was...
 as can be read in many reviews here it is a mo...
 1981's Just Before Dawn is one of the best tal...
 This is one of the finest music concerts anyon...
 I had no real expectations going into this mov...
 When I was driving home after work, I bought s...
 Trite and tiring, the one-liners almost made m...
 That's what I kept asking myself while watchin...
 If you have never viewed this film and like ol...
 Though not a complete waste of time, 'Eighteen...
 ******************SPOILER********************S...
 First of all, I have to say that I am not gene...
 no comment - stupid movie, acting average or w...
 I really do fail to see the actual surplus val...
 As part of the celebration of the release of C...
 There are many kinds of reunion shows. One kin...
 Swift's writing really has more in common with...
 Blade is probably one of the best vampire/acti...
 Curiosity led me to this "masterpiece". Unfort...
 This is a movie that I watched when I was a yo...
 This movie is told through the eyes of a young...
 This is a love story set against the back drop...
 Most movies about, or set in, New Orleans, tur...
 What a crappy movie! The worst of the worst! T...
 It is to typical of people complaining about s...
 A very funny look at some of Australia's curre...
 What I love about this show is that it follows...
 Father Hood is an entertaining tale of an unwi...
 This movie is simply awesome. It is so hilario...
 If it wasn't for Colin Firth, the movie would ...
 I've never read a good review for "Vanity Fair...
 There's an underlying current in all the posit...
 You've never seen anything like it. Once the c...
 THE VAN is a simple teensploitation picture ma...
 This has got to be one of the best episodes of...
 What I came away with after watching this movi...
 Barriers seems to be one of those series that ...
 It's not awful but what a waste... Lousy gags,...
 This movie reminded me of the live dramas of t...
 Ah Animorphs. I loved the book series and eage...
 Considering the risk of showing same-sex relat...
 More wide-eyed, hysterical 50s hyper-cheerfuln...
 I've seen worse films. This is bad but at leas...
 I thought Hedy Burress (who managed to escape ...
 One has to take Martin & Lewis like a dash of ...
 First of all, I too was expecting another Hero...
 I must have been only 11 when Mr Peepers start...
 After just 15 minutes into this film, I began ...
 As a recreational golfer with some knowledge o...
 WOW I Love this movie. This is definitely adde...
 It's hard and I didn't expect it... But it's r...
 There was a time when not all animation was Di...
 This is really the only chance to see the magi...
 <br /><br />This movie is by far one of my fav...
 The joy and tragedy of the Christmas Season li...
 I love this movie. Even though I rated it a "4...
 I got to say that Uma Thurman is the sexiest w...
 What can be said about a movie that makes two ...
 Wrestlemania 6, is an entertaining Wrestlemani...
 Many King fans hate this because it departed f...
 The Pickle was the most underrated film of the...
 Ten out of the 11 short films in this movie ar...
 No plot, crappy acting, and pointless gore.......
 This film is undoubtedly one of the greatest l...
 This movie was funny from START to FINISH. Eve...
 Narratives  whether written, visual or poetic...
 First of all, no one with any law enforcement ...
 In the future, a disparate group of people asl...
 I was going to give it an 8, but since you peo...
 I caught this movie on IFC and I enjoyed it, a...
 I should have known when I heard Anne Rice lef...
 A weird, witty and wonderful depiction of fami...
 Superhero Movie (2008) is the most recent in t...
 Wait... wait... wait... wait... wait... wait.....
 Beginning where it left off, Doctor Who, Rose,...
 I was looking through TV Guide last night and ...
 I have seen a lot of movies. In fact I love B ...
 No, I have not seen the original series and I ...
 With such actors as Ralph Richardson, Raymond ...
 I missed the beginning of the film. I came in ...
 The music is by Stravinsky (and not by stupid ...
 Movies are something you see on Saturday night...
 I would most definitely have to say that this ...
 Those who love the book Jane Eyre as I do (it'...
 This is one of the greatest child-pet movies e...
 This movie is about the crew of a spaceship wh...
 Found this flick in a videostore, it cost $2 t...
 I really enjoyed this movie about a dog who be...
 Störtebeker is truly one of the worst TV mini-...
 Daniella has some issues brewing under her att...
 Paul Schrader and his brother Leonard wrote Mi...
 Yes, it's a SBIF (So Bad It's Funny) classic. ...
 Michael Kallio gives a strong and convincing p...
 Breathtaking at it's best, intriguing at it's ...
 This film was really terrible.<br /><br />Howe...
 When I was a kid it was Lex Barker's time as T...
 I enjoy Ralph Bakshi films ("Wizards", "Cool W...
 I remember watching the BSG pilot. I can descr...
 This movie has a very Broadway feel - the back...
 Not me.. If it came down to it, I could kick a...
 Cinderella is one of Disney's greatest films, ...
 My parents used to rent a lot of horror movies...
 Special effects? Good.<br /><br />Script? Terr...
 I gave this a 3 out of a possible 10 stars.<br...
 I´ve seen this at the Fantasy Filmfest in Colo...
 When it comes to horror movies, I am more than...
 This movie is so misunderstood it is not even ...
 i LOVED THIS MOVIEE well i loved the romance p...
 This film was choppy, incoherent and contrived...
 If one were to return to the dawn of the talki...
 I've watched this movie on a fairly regular ba...
 The Cat in the Hat is just a slap in the face ...
 I'm not going to bother with a plot synopsis s...
 I watched this movie last night and was a bit ...
 Welcome to the Plan 9 From Outer Space of Star...
 An object lesson in how to make a bad movie wh...
 Unlike the many who have posted here, I'm not ...
 I was subjected to this atrocity by my wife, t...
 This movie was supposed to have depicted a 'la...
 I didn't know the real events when I sat down ...
 I'm not going to say too much as this movie is...
 This is not a good film. The acting is remarka...
 The whole exercise is pointless. Why make the ...
 Did you ever wonder how far one movie could go...
 It's utterly pointless to rate this film. It's...
 This movie is such a total waste of time. I ca...
 Considered by almost all the critics to be the...
 I first read "Lorna Doone" about 20 years ago ...
 I was actually looking forward to this movie. ...
 I thought this was a really great movie especi...
 I am watching the series back to back as fast ...
 OK, so this film is well acted. It has good di...
 Homecoming; what a HUGE disappointment!! After...
 The third and final Female Prisoner Scorpion f...
 'Presque Rien' is a beautifully observed portr...
 I saw this movie yesterday on a public service...
 I'm glad that I did not expect too much when I...
 The Woman In Black is fantastic in all aspects...
 While the movie does feel a bit long at times,...
 I had never heard of Leos Carax until his Merd...
 There's so little here of the fantastic Anne R...
 There are movies that are just a different ver...
 Nickelodeon has gone down the toilet. They hav...
 Jesse and Celine (Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy)...
 I don't understand why the reviews of this fil...
 Hollow Point, though clumsy in places, manages...
 About the baby: Why wasn't big brother assumin...
 The Falcon and the Snowman is based on a true ...
 The only redeeming feature of this movie is St...
 Despite its rather salacious title, this is a ...
 Although its plot is taken from the history of...
 The movie is not halve as bad as people want t...
 It looks like the brilliant team of Shonda Rhi...
 When my 14-year-old daughter and her friends g...
 Okay, I absolutely LOVE Ben Stiller, although ...
 If there was a 0 stars rating i would gladly h...
 This line is a good summary of this movie. If ...
 Words really can't describe how bad this film ...
 Great 1980s Comic Strip comedy set in the Sout...
 I was unsure what to expect from "driving less...
 I remember this series so well. It was excelle...
 Thomas Capano was not Anne Marie's boss Tom Ca...
 If this had been done earlier in the Zatoichi ...
 This is one excellent Sammo Hung movie. Actual...
 Spoilers!<br /><br />From the very moment I sa...
 The music of Albeniz pervades this film. Once ...
 "A Fare to Remember" is a totally derivative, ...
 This animated short is a remake of one of Tex ...
 I had never heard of "The Clearing" until I wa...
 In his brief 40 years on Earth, author Jack Lo...
 Tiempo de Valientes fits snugly into the buddy...
 No. I'm not kidding with this one. He was a gu...
 Damp telling of the American Revolution.<br />...
 When at the very start of the film Paleontolog...
 The title is from a passage in the Bible (Deut...
 I saw this film on TV in the UK some 25 years ...
 108: Tarzan and His Mate (1934) - released 4/2...
 A riotous farce set in the world of glamorous ...
 Deepa Mehta's "Fire" is groundbreaking, bold, ...
 This is a complete Hoax...<br /><br />The movi...
 1999 will go down in history as the year the m...
 This film is completely underrated.<br /><br /...
 I saw this trailer and thought to myself my go...
 Great movie, great actors, great soundtrack! I...
 "La Bête" by Walerian Borowczyk is based on th...
 I watched part of the first part of this movie...
 During WWII, there were a bazillion movies cre...
 Evidently lots of people really like this, but...
 This coming from an adult who happened to come...
 Deaf secretary Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is bul...
 Okay, "pretty good" doesn't scream rent me but...
 An Insomniac's Nightmare is the story of a man...
 This is easily one of the worst martial arts f...
 When I first saw this movie I was only a littl...
 Beautifully filmed, acclaimed director Hugh Hu...
 This piece of filth is virtually impossible to...
 Samuel Fuller is an interesting filmmaker, mai...
 If you just watched All Dogs Go To Heaven, and...
 Assy McGee is an out-of-control, hard-nosed de...
 Please do not waste +/- 2 hours of your life w...
 <br /><br />Man, I just cant believe this movi...
 This movie didn't really surprise me, as such,...
 This is a strange, cerebral, surreal, esoteric...
 What crack are you smoking? This movie, while ...
 Sorry, after watching the credits, I thought t...
 After not having much luck at selling his scre...
 This film really misses the mark on most front...
 I can't believe I actually sat through the who...
 Cannibalism, a pair of cinematic references to...
 *spoliers* do not read any further if you have...
 Fidois a very odd film. And in many ways, a ve...
 Another double noir on one disc from Warner Ho...
 This is a weak throw-together of just about ev...
 The film's subject is poignant and very real. ...
 For the love of god please don't see this movi...
 Huge, waddling, grimacing tree trunk menaces f...
 Terry Benedict (Andy Garcia) catches up with D...
 Today, being President's Day, my wife and I ha...
 With a relatively small budget for an animated...
 In Fassbinder's earlier films, his ideas somet...
 This show is beautifully done. When it first c...
 The movie that shoots scenes of a scenic caver...
 I just recently watched Ed Wood Jr.'s autobiog...
 This movie is a joke and must be one of the wo...
 I was looking forward to seeing this movie aft...
 A famous orchestra conductor, Daniel Dareus, s...
 The original Lensman series of novels is a cla...
 Given the acting roles he played in the 1940s ...
 The film-makers went well out of their way to ...
 Enjoyable film that gives you romance, women-o...
 Shepitko is the wife of Russian filmmaker Elem...
 Although this starts out promisingly, a woman ...
 East Palace, West Palace reminded me somewhat ...
 i had been looking for this film for so long b...
 I couldn't help but relish the entire premise ...
 It's painfully clear that all effort in this f...
 Nobody truly understands the logic behind the ...
 It wasn't until I saw Sidney Pollack in the pi...
 Gender Bender sexes things up a bit for the x-...
 I mention that there may be a spoiler here jus...
 Mexican 'classic' was the third entry in the A...
 The most misogynistic movie of all time? Not t...
 1) Men over the age of 25 that refer to themse...
 My mom and I have just recently become addicte...
 SYNOPSIS The future as seen from 1939 England....
 This movie had potential to be a good little h...
 This movie is pretty predictable nuff said.......
 Quite a lot has been said about this film and ...
 Uninspired direction leaves a decent cast stra...
 The acting was horrible. The special effects, ...
 I watched this movie 11 years ago in company w...
 It kicks you in the stomach. There are other f...
 In an industry dominated by men and in lack of...
 I admit that I almost gave up on watching TV s...
 Brought to you by the following among others:<...
 This isn't the video nasty Night of the Demon ...
 "The Man In The Moon" is a pretty good movie. ...
 I have watched this movie on DVD a couple of t...
 I absolutely adore the 'Toxic Avenger' series,...
 foywonder's review of this cheap STV hits the ...
 Creature Comforts in America should have been ...
 This one surprised me.<br /><br />I read a few...
 Way back when I was renting videos for free I ...
 Pretty crazy whodunit featuring an all black c...
 Okay, where to begin. Did you know that the pa...
 I have no idea who these others are but this m...
 This movie sucked ! They took something from m...
 Well here I go with another B industry movie. ...
 I saw this movie by accident while in Paris. I...
 I find this movie the best movie I have ever s...
 let me say first off I didn't go in expecting ...
 1958. The sleepy small Southern town of Clarks...
 The story of the untouchable who acted like a ...
 I really liked this film about love between tw...
 This was a modern TV classic! The story goes l...
 Not to be confused with the British black come...
 I guess this is the first movie that made me a...
 Thats My Bush is first of all a very entertain...
 This movie is a bad attempt to make original f...
 this is a below average martial arts films whi...
 I can't agree with any of the comments. First ...
 Surface, from the day its teaser first showed ...
 Every once in a while a film comes along with ...
 Having read the book prior to watching this ad...
 I adore the Ln Chaney version of "Phantom" and...
 Normally I try to avoid Barbie films, but this...
 This short film certainly pulls no punches. Th...
 Hearkening back to those "Good Old Days" of 19...
 I loved this movie. I totally disagree with so...
 The '60s is an occasionally entertaining film,...
 I just saw this movie and it turns out to be p...
 drab morality tale about a high school kid who...
 Lemuel Gulliver (Ted Danson) is a doctor who g...
 There is only one racist joke in this Daffy Du...
 I understand that the budget was low on this f...
 As a Turkish man now living in Sweden I must c...
 I saw this film first in the Soviet Union and ...
 does anyone think that this show actually help...
 Christopher Durang must have been taught by a ...
 This movie was like "The Disney Channel after ...
 A fine story about following your dreams and a...
 A giant praying mantis is awakened from its sl...
 "Hollywood Cavalcade" is a mildly entertaining...
 No, not really, but this is a very good film i...
 I don't remember ever seeing this one before t...
 I went to the movie theater this afternoon exp...
 MY DINNER WITH JIMI is a glimpse at Howard Kay...
 This movie bombed at the box office and in the...
 Set in Japan, Ashura is the story of Demons ta...
 I remember this movie with feelings of sheer ....
 I was curious to know how critics responded to...
 I loved the episode but seems to me there shou...
 Even 20+ years later, Ninja Mission stands out...
 I thought this was one of those really great f...
 Terrible!!! I don't want to be too negative bu...
 Ironically for a play unavailable on film or v...
 This movie has it all, action, fighting, danci...
 *** Possable spoiler but probably not ***<br /...
 I thoroughly enjoyed Gabrielle Burton's story ...
 A cranky police detective suspects a French du...
 This movie, without doubt is the best I have s...
 Cuban Blood is one of those sleeper films that...
 This film concerns a very young girl, Cassie, ...
 The movie begins almost achingly slowly, a "ro...
 The name of Bad Company's greatest hits album ...
 Slasher sequel (fourth SLUMBER PART MASSACRE f...
 I haven't seen this, & don't plan to see this ...
 (48 out of 278 people found this comment usefu...
 I say "flick" because this doesn't deserve the...
 I think this is a lovely family movie. There a...
 What an awful movie! The Idea of robots fighti...
 Awlright, damn it, the MooCow will grudgingly ...
 By now you've probably heard a bit about the n...
 In a far away Galaxy is a planet called Ceta. ...
 Wonderful songs, sprightly animation and authe...
 I saw this movie a million years (5 years to b...
 I saw a trailer for this on Afro Promo, the co...
 I have just seen Today You Die. It is bad, alm...
 Since many other users have already explained ...
 Was this the greatest movie that I have ever s...
 This movie was fun! Especially if your between...
 It is extremely rare that I see a movie from 1...
 Man I loved Ocean's 11.<br /><br />Smart movie...
 As an native of Bolton, this film has obvious ...
 I wasn't expecting much, and, to be honest, I ...
 I couldn't even sit through the whole thing! T...
 For me, a ten-star film is one that never dies...
 Half Past Dead, starring Steven Seagal in the ...
 This is one of the worst movies i've ever enco...
 You can only describe this with one word and t...
 I'm somewhat of a fan of Lynche's work, so I w...
 I had to do a search on the actresses to find ...
 I loved this film. It manages to make the char...
 A female vampire kills young women and paints ...
 There is a story (possibly apocryphal) about a...
 Riding Giants is an incredible documentary det...
 I have been getting into the Hitchcock series ...
 "Hardbodies 2" is harmless, aimless and plot l...
 This has to be the most brutally unfunny "come...
 A few years back the same persons who created ...
 Please don't waste your money on this sorry ex...
 Okay, we've got extreme Verhoeven violence (Al...
 This is absolutely the worst movie I've seen a...
 This movie is exciting,daring and the music is...
 The hero John Keem is going after some drug de...
 When I tuned in to my local PBS station last n...
 I absolutely love this game to death. Ever sin...
 This is about a mad scientist who creates a ha...
 This movie is bad news and I'm really surprise...
 I thought it was an original story, very nicel...
 I recently had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Hau...
 In the areas where they overlap this fine movi...
 i wasn't sure whether to laugh or cry. Porrett...
 I don't know why all the previous comments are...
 The 1990s was a great decade for British sitco...
 'Major Payne' is a film about a major who make...
 I saw this film at the International Film Fest...
 This ensemble piece about adults who return to...
 Everything about "Choose Connor" was top=drawe...
 Going into this movie, I had heard good things...
 The lovely Danish actress Sonja Richter steals...
 I think that this is possibly the funniest mov...
 I have watched every version of this play that...
 My comment is for the Russian version of Space...
 Not a bad word to say about this film really. ...
 After 30 minutes..mostly fast forwarding, dele...
 They do... Each sequel is worst. You, who thin...
 This movie was pretty good. The acting was gre...
 "There are some things you just don't do" so s...
 I watched this film early 70's.It is the best ...
 Having seen, and loved this film in Australia,...
 I wish I had my rental money back from this pi...
 Do NOT avoid this movie. Simply because it is ...
 I saw this film on the A&E channel this past w...
 Dr. Sayer(Philippe Leroy), a wealthy physician...
 Some of the acting was a bit suspect. I rememb...
 Saw this today with my 8 year old. I thought i...
 *Minor Spoiler* <br /><br />Inhabited isn't sc...
 I recently viewed Manufactured Landscapes at t...
 A huge hit upon release with Australian audien...
 RKS films always have been commercial films wh...
 This is an excellent movie with a stellar cast...
 A remake of the superb 1972 movie of the stage...
 It seems to me that a lot of people don't know...
 This final Voyager episode begins 23 years in ...
 I loathe, despise, and hate this film with a p...
 Great British director Christopher Nolan (Mome...
 I am a Sociologist/Anthropologist specializing...
 John Parrish is an ex Union officer who plans ...
 I chanced upon this movie because I had a free...
 Although I agree that it's a good but not grea...
 This is the worst italian movie ever, quite po...
 So your bairns are away on a sleep-over ? The ...
 I'm grading this film on a curve, in other wor...
 Being a fan of the first Lion King, I was defi...
 Over-powered mobile suits that can annihilate ...
 I cannot comment on this film without discussi...
 This film is a great fun. I recommend you watc...
 The movie was very sweet and heartwarming! I c...
 Paperhouse is the most moving and poignant fil...
 And also a wonderful beginning, a real quick s...
 I am surprised that there is confusion over th...
 Such a masterpiece as the first of these two S...
 As a physicist, talk about blackholes and cosm...
 This film has a special place in my heart as t...
 This one of those social dramas that WB knew h...
 I enjoyed this film and after it finished it s...
 At first glance of this mini... I was a bit di...
 It's amazing to see how Nikhil Advani manages ...
 It was a Sunday night and I was waiting for th...
 Like all of the very earliest films, this "mov...
 This film is stale, and misses the mark. It is...
 By far this has to be one of the worst movies ...
 I'd just like to say that i've seen this film ...
 The big problem is where to begin as this movi...
 Weak Bobby "Pineapple Salsa" Flay and Mario Ba...
 The first time my best friend and I sat down t...
 I haven't seen this movie in a while, so I'm a...
 Live action version of Dragonball via Taiwan.<...
 My favorite quote from Crow was, when the car ...
 This film is cringingly bad. You can tell that...
 Be warned! <br /><br />This is crap that other...
 The most impressive thing about 'Anemic Cinema...
 An American woman, her European husband and ch...
 Films about the mundane are often the most int...
 Josh Hartnett's dead eyes, the thick writing o...
 At least the jingle by Tim Finn was melodic. R...
 If you've ever seen the trailer for the film "...
 I'm a Don Johnson fan, but this is undoubtedly...
 Thank god ABC picked this up instead of Fox. T...
 I didn't buy this, I didn't rent this, it was ...
 I caught this movie on local t.v. at about 4:3...
 To be honest, this film is another in a series...
 This is one of those movies that you and a bun...
 When it first came out, this work by the Meyse...
 *spoiler alert!* it just gets to me the nerve ...
 Ohhhh MAN this movie is awful!!<br /><br />Thi...
 I recently purchased Lost Horizon on ebay, hav...
 Gayniggers from Outer Space is pretty much sum...
 I really wanted to love this film. I have read...
 I first saw this movie back in 1994 or '95 dur...
 I was blown away when I saw "The Best Years of...
 I will admit that I did not give this movie mu...
 A wonderful film to watch with astonishing sce...
 I watched this movie on LOGO television today....
 This is one of the best crime-drama movies dur...
 How Irish critics rave about this movie is bey...
 Taste is a subjective thing. Two people can wa...
 80's sleazy (glam)rock is like 90's house musi...
 What we have here is a film about how the purs...
 ... and in *no way* as clean, logical, and und...
 I loved this movie. Not because of the romanti...
 I hardly know where to begin in writing about ...
 One of my all-time favourite movies. Nothing c...
 The film, a Universal release of a Protelco-ML...
 THE YOUNG VICTORIA is a elegantly costumed and...
 I guess by the time I saw this episode, I had ...
 One of the best comedy series to ever come out...
 Everybody loves to see a really bad movie some...
 The last of the "Airport" sequels. This has Al...
 "Throw Momma From the Train" is a simple dark ...
 I was a huge fan of the original Robocop.<br /...
 Even if you're not a big Ramones fan, Rock 'N'...
 Unremarkable and unmemorable remake of an old,...
 This is a skillfully crafted piece of cinema t...
 This flick is a waste of time.I expect from an...
 Walter Matthau can always improve a mediocre f...
 When I saw this movie in the theater when it c...
 I enjoy movies like this for their spirit, no ...
 One night I was waiting for my friends to come...
 This was one of the most dishonest, meaningles...
 If you like to get a couple of fleeting glimps...
 jeez, this was immensely boring. the leading m...
 I saw this movie at the Edmonton International...
 Naturally, along with everyone else, I was pri...
 A group of evil businessmen need to knock down...
 In April of 1965, CBS broadcast the first of B...
 I really enjoyed this both times I watched it....
 This isn't one of those reviews about poor spe...
 "In 1927 a young man, alone in a single engine...
 Rules of Engagement is one of the best documen...
 The goal of any James Bond game is to make the...
 This movie had it all,action,comedy,heroics,an...
 Perhaps I'm one of the only avid horror fans w...
 The Mummy's Curse is the last in the series of...
 I saw the movie in 1972, and like other people...
 I bought Dark Angel seasons 1 & 2 two weeks ag...
 Sadly, the print of the film we were going to ...
 I originally watched 8 simple rules on the Dis...
 This is a forgotten classic of a film, and Har...
 So we saw this on DVD at our apartment here in...
 This is the forty minute film that introduces ...
 I have mixed emotions about this film, especia...
 Steven Seagal's intent is to be commended, and...
 This is one of my personal favorites, a rare l...
 Othello is set to burn the eyes of the viewers...
 Chayanne is beautiful enough, Vanessa is beaut...
 I first saw this movie with my fiancée many ye...
 This guy has no idea of cinema. Okay, it seems...
 Born Again is a sub-standard episode from seas...
 When a film is independent and not rated, such...
 THE. WORST. FILM. EVER. MADE.<br /><br />After...
 I've seen my fair share of badly thought-out e...
 This is such a great movie to watch with young...
 This movie was horrendous... It had absolutely...
 I had the pleasure of attending a screening of...
 Watching some of the sequences (err, the entir...
 One IMDb reviewer calls Eaten Alive a passable...
 Where was his critique of democratic administr...
 Once upon a time in the mid 1990s I used to wr...
 I just purchased and viewed the DVD of this fi...
 When my own child is begging me to leave the o...
 The title says it all.<br /><br />I'm not a fi...
 This movie really, i mean REALLY, sucks. Its g...
 I must admit that at the beginning, I was sort...
 Effect(s) without cause is generally not possi...
 Norm(an)ally I don't mind remakes. There are s...
 This landmark film can now be seen in two diff...
 Lazy writing, bad acting and wooden direction ...
 Mary Tyler Moore and Valerie Harper still can ...
 Flipper is a nice heartwarming movie for whole...
 I loved it! Fred MacMurray is wonderful as Ski...
 I've been a classic horror fan my entire life....
 Amazing performance from Simon Pegg who just g...
 Delightful! It never pretends to be a masterpi...
 Chris Rock deserves better than he gives himse...
 The Ghost Train is a treat to those who apprec...
 I have not seen many low budget films i must a...
 Perhaps it's about time we declare 2007 to be ...
 The book, while not particularly great, was de...
 It just seems to run true to form, any movie s...
 I've tried to remember the name of this movie ...
 I watched this film awhile ago and the only th...
 EVAN ALMIGHTY (2007) ** Steve Carell, Morgan F...
 *SPOILERS INCLUDED*<br /><br />Alfred Hitchcoc...
 Don't know if this contains any spoilers or no...
 Well, I have to say, this movie was so bad tha...
 C.H.O.M.P.S. is very much like any number of c...
 Can a film be too faithful to the book upon wh...
 Just a few words.... This movie really sucks. ...
 An independent feature can now be seen as both...
 Yes, I had the misfortune of watching this fil...
 What can I say? This was hands-down the worst ...
 Yes, I realize that half a dozen other reviewe...
 The operative rule in the making of this film ...
 First of all this movie starts out on a really...
 I admit, I was taken in by the provocative sti...
 Did you ever watch a really bad movie and get ...
 I have just seen this film, and fallen in love...
 Oh, my. Poor Jane must have done the old rolli...
 One of the best ever. Direction, fotography, a...
 This is an above average Jackie Chan flick, du...
 This is a must see for anybody who loves thril...
 Hi<br /><br />my name is Jessica, i'm Italian!...
 Michael Bassett's film 'Solomon Kane' (based o...
 "Fanfan la tulipe" is still Gerard Philippe's ...
 Much has been written about Purple Rain, the a...
 John Travolta, the biggest honkeytonk in the w...
 I, as a teenager really enjoyed this movie! Ma...
 Well it is a good movie. However, you have to ...
 Intergalactic criminal Kol (Ross Hagen) has be...
 by Dane Youssef <br /><br />"Coonskin" is film...
 Otto Preminger's Dana Andrews cycle of films n...
 The London Underground has something inherentl...
 There isn't much to say about this film, it is...
 Victor Sjöström's "Körkarlen" plunges the view...
 I rated this a ten just because I find it so i...
 As with most of the reviewers, I saw this on S...
 Kate Beckinsale is as good if not better than ...
 I saw this performance on TV and taped it. My ...
 Noel Coward is perfectly cast as a suave, vain...
 Things to Come is an historic film. Along with...
 After 7 years of watching that dreadful nonsen...
 Jennifer's Shadow is set in Argentina & starts...
 The main portion of this lightweight musical s...
 There I was sitting alone in my flat on a Satu...
 I know many people have a special fondness for...
 <br /><br />Entrails of a Virgin is so bizarre...
 This movie had terrible acting, terrible plot,...
 Even for the cocaine laced 1980's this is a pa...
 This film exhibits artful cinematic techniques...
 this movie is the worst ive seen.. nicole kidm...
 Ocean's Twelve: just plain stupid, bad and not...
 I remember vacationing in Florida when this mo...
 Horrible Script, which was apparently directed...
 I didn't think it could be done, but something...
 I became a fan of the TV series `Homicide: Lif...
 What did the director think? Everybody who has...
 This film is the greatest ninja film ever made...
 I first saw this film when i was about 13. It ...
 I agree with one of the other comment writers ...
 I might not have been the biggest Blair Witch ...
 America. A land of freedom, of hope and of dre...
 The original movie, Man From Snowy River, is o...
 The brands in this film, like Suit Supply, tak...
 I turned this off within the first five minute...
 This film is a perfect example of the recent c...
 <br /><br />This movie (not a film -- clearly ...
 Just as "ITS A MAD, MAD, MAD, MAD WORLD" is at...
 I keep watching this movie over and over and o...
 During the 13 years of schooling I had from Ki...
 It is so refreshing to see a movie like this w...
 I should say at the outset there are many, man...
 I have to say, I loved Vanishing Point. I've s...
 As B movies go, it was well above average (I w...
 And I love it!!! Wonder Showzen will pick up a...
 The film My Name is Modesty is based around an...
 The premise of this movie, of a comedian talk ...
 PERHAPS in an attempt to find another "Hot Pro...
 A bunch of popular high school students play a...
 Horrible writing, directing and acting! The wr...
 German filmmaker Ulli Lommel has managed a tas...
 Although critically maligned, Johnny Dangerous...
 This is probably the best horror film made sin...
 This is not the kind of movie that really meri...
 Truly a great film... I stumbled onto it at th...
 Like with any movie genre, there are good gang...
 I have in the past loved Tim Burton. I loved E...
 "When I die, someone will bury me. And if they...
 Many horror fans complain that horror has scar...
 This movie was packed pull of endless surprise...
 I first saw this in the theater in 1969 when I...
 Where to start? OK, don't compare this film to...
 I am a huge fan of David Lynch. This film, how...
 At least the under ten year old set will stay ...
 Like most other reviewers I have first seen th...
 THE ATTIC starts off well. The somewhat dreary...
 You can debate Prince's acting talent, or even...
 Beginning in 1942, the Sherlock Holmes charact...
 Oh but this is woeful. One good actor after an...
 This film is one of my fondest childhood memor...
 This film was reeeeeeallyyyy bad! Was it meant...
 After the suicide of his father, Charlie 'Kid'...
 A very high-standard Columbo story which was a...
 This is a simple episode ad so far after watch...
 Because of all the negative reviews of this fi...
 I had high hopes for this one after reading th...
 It's not just that this is a bad movie; it's n...
 This is a new Barbie movie. The graphics were ...
 You ever get that itch to just kill an hour or...
 Last week on Friday, I went to see "Snakes on ...
 I've read all the Dave Robicheaux novels and c...
 I saw this when I was twelve. It was the movie...
 The box to this movie totally misrepresents it...
 This is the worst movie I've ever seen. Boring...
 I have always been keen on watching Hong Kong ...
 When I first heard about this series on AnimeT...
 Joseph H. Lewis was one of the finest director...
 inspite of many movies dealing with great arti...
 One of the more sensible comedies to hit the H...
 This review applies for the cut of the film th...
 I read Angels and Demons about 3 years ago, an...
 Ever since I first encountered the Divine Ms M...
 This movie was disappointing. After 15 years, ...
 If one sits down to watch Unhinged, it is prob...
 What is he supposed to be? He was a kid in the...
 A made for television version of the Heart of ...
 The Lion King 1 1/2 is a very cute story to go...
 Having read most of the comments I feel like I...
 Having reviewed 3 of the 4 Perry and Croft sit...
 "Drawing Restraint 9" is a kind of movie one e...
 20 Years later and this movie still has echoes...
 I love the comics. Although I do have problems...
 Take your video camera, turn out all the light...
 on the contrary to the person listed above me ...
 There no doubt in one mined that this movie is...
 Meek, tiny, almost insignificant. Polanski fin...
 Nice doco Stuie! <br /><br />Even though it di...
 This is a great story of family loyalty which,...
 Our Song is a marvelous example of passionate,...
 Pot-seeking pre-teen Joshua Miller (as Tim) th...
 "National Lampoon Goes to the Movies" is the w...
 This story is a familiar one in the long-runni...
 This movie is not based on the bible. It compl...
 This film was enjoyable but for the wrong reas...
 Men In Black 2 was a real disappointment for m...
 Mesmerizing, breathtaking and horrifying, this...
 This movie was awesome, if you want a movie wi...
 Having Just "Welcomed Home" my 23 YR old daugh...
 A Mexican outlaw (Tomas Milian) steals gold fr...
 I Would have to disagree strongly with the pre...
 9/10- 30 minutes of pure holiday terror. Okay,...
 I rented this movie without having heard (or r...
 Great little thriller. I was expecting some ty...
 CRAP! I accidentally watched this film-thinkin...
 IQ is a wonderfully original romantic comedy t...
 I'm not a regular viewer of Springer's, but I ...
 Although I'm grateful this obscure gem of 70's...
 A mixture of Alien and Ghost Busters?<br /><br...
 When I first saw a glimpse of this movie, I qu...
 It was agonizingly bad movie. It will eat your...
 This game was terrible. I think they worked to...
 There are movies, and there are films. Movies ...
 Undoubtedly the funniest movie I have ever see...
 This is the best of the 43 films that Rainer W...
 The real story (took place in Kansas in 1959) ...
 They should have called this movie: "Adopted M...
 I am a student of film, and have been for seve...
 I'll dispense with the usual comparisons to a ...
 "And All Through the House" is a special crypt...
 This is a disaster-movie, in both meanings of ...
 Hiya folks,<br /><br />Well, this movie sucks ...
 Hidden Frontiers-is more than fan fiction- it ...
 The comparison is perhaps unfair, but inevitab...
 In the Tower of Babel installment of the mini-...
 Yeah, I know my title sucks. I couldn't think ...
 An absorbing exploration of virtual reality, a...
 this is one amazing movie!!!!! you have to rea...
 Mention Bollywood to anyone with a slight fami...
 Harem Suare is the best film I saw in the year...
 All dogs go to Heaven is one of the best movie...
 I loved this show when it aired on television ...
 CB4 was awful, but it may have given Cundieff ...
 This is one of the worst action films I have e...
 MASTER PLAN: have the winning team in a deadly...
 This is my favorite Mel Brooks movie because i...
 Any true wrestling fan would have to consider ...
 I have done some research on Ed Gien, and I ha...
 Why is there so much angst among the IMDb revi...
 I found a DVD of "I Dream Of Jeanie" in the $1...
 This movie is one of the worst horror movies I...
 Normally, I don't like Chuck Norris films. I a...
 I have to agree with everyone else that has po...
 The title role of this western is played by Ro...
 I really enjoyed this movie. I am a single dad...
 Jazz aficionados will treasure this classic sh...
 I don't see what the problem is with SOME peop...
 There is no way to avoid a comparison between ...
 'Captain Corelli's Mandolin' is a fantastic fi...
 My only regret is that one cannot grade a movi...
 When Rodney Dangerfield is on a roll, he's hil...
 Its a space flick, or at least i think it is. ...
 What a disgrace! I was checking this out hopin...
 Love In Limbo is my all-time favoirite movie. ...
 Eichard Gere & Diane Lane back again in anothe...
 This Spanish-Italian co-production tells an in...
 Actually, I have more a question, than a comme...
 The scientist Charles and his wife (or assista...
 This BRASS EYE special PAEDO-GEDDON was swampe...
 This movie was excellent for the following rea...
 This movie does contradict the first one as fa...
 I didn't know what to make of this film. I gue...
 I had seen this movie before, but I could not ...
 Imagine every stereotypical, overacted cliche ...
 The story-line was rather interesting, but the...
 While the songs and dance numbers, in general,...
 Truly I Love Lucy as well...comedic genius yes...
 Does anyone know the exact quote about "time a...
 The 1960's TV series Bewitched owes it's idea ...
 *Can anybody tell me WHERE is the COMEDY ??!! ...
 Someone(or, something thing..)is leaving punct...
 Let's get it clear from the start: I am an ass...
 This Belgian film, directed by Tom Barman, sin...
 Reading some of the comments on the message bo...
 Although a "woman's story," I found this still...
 An old family story told to two young girls by...
 Like wearing a hair shirt. Positively, absolut...
 Ugghhh!!! This is exactly the sort of Pre-Code...
 The original title means "The Birth of the Oct...
 I thoroughly enjoyed Bilal's graphic novel whe...
 Somehow, CHANGI lost out in the AFI Awards to ...
 Hunt for Justice is about the setup of Slobado...
 This film is the most romantic in years. David...
 A young cat tries to steal back his brothers s...
 Well, not much really to say about this. But i...
 "Subconscious Cruelty" has to be one of the mo...
 This movie should be called "plan 9 from josep...
 The essence of this film falls on judgments by...
 All I can say after watching the DVDs of the f...
 Certainly one of the most hilarious films of a...
 I was in physical pain watching the eyes of th...
 Blade is a fantastic action/thriller that keep...
 Another turgid action/adventure flick from the...
 A single mother(Diane Keaton) finds herself wo...
 Before I give Spike Lee's mess of a film SUMME...
 It's obvious that all of the good reviews post...
 This movie is horrible. Everything in it has b...
 In some ways, the concept behind the storyline...
 How on earth were these guys given funds to ma...
 What a great gem this is. It's an unusual stor...
 I went to see it in hopes of some good old fas...
 Some people may remember Ms. Russell from film...
 One should have the right to expect from peopl...
 For a movie that gained so much recognition an...
 Good performances can't save this terrible scr...
 In what appears an attempt to mix drama and co...
 In my opinion, this is an absolutely romantic ...
 Undoubtedly the best heavy metal horror item m...
 I like movies about morally corrupt characters...
 Obnoxious Eva Longoria dies on her wedding day...
 With no affinity towards any type of filmmakin...
 This is a below average "whodunit" with the cl...
 Possible spoilers re: late-appearing cameos <b...
 I am from Texas and my family vacationed a cou...
 This movie started out good, i felt like i was...
 Although the actors were good, specially Fritz...
 This inferior sequel based by the characters c...
 This is a polarising film. People either love ...
 Pop quiz: you're a part of the modern armed fo...
 I have seen just about all of Miyazaki's films...
 I liked this movie because it told a very inte...
 Fashionably fragmented, yet infuriatingly half...
 The premise to this movie was one which focuse...
 This movie surprised me. Some things were "cli...
 Because that's what Hell Ride pretty much is. ...
 After losing the Emmy for her performance as M...
 A wonderful semi-humorous homage to Expression...
 For some reason, I always enjoy movies that pe...
 If you're a "child of the Eighties" like me, y...
 I am not a very good writer, so I'll keep this...
 This starts off in Pennsylvania in 1913. A bun...
 After Highlander 2 (which I am still in denial...
 Well...I like this movie first of all because ...
 Surprisingly good early effort from Alfred Hit...
 I guess I've seen worse films, but that may be...
 A horrendous film, ill-conceived and crude. Th...
 "the day time ended" is an incredible picture....
 Another detailed work on the subject by Dr Dwi...
 If you like to watch movies because they are p...
 I just came from seeing this movie and decided...
 I have nothing more to say but it was awful. I...
 I enjoyed every moment of this beautiful film ...
 This was a very gritty movie about anti-semiti...
 Now this is a movie I really dislike. It's one...
 This is another one of Hitchcock's highest rat...
 Riggs and Murtough are back but the magic of t...
 I just love this show.It's so funny and cool.K...
 Man, are you serious? Did you read the book or...
 ...And I never thought a movie deserved to be ...
 This is a very funny Ealing comedy about a com...
 This movie was charming. An accountant wants m...
 This movie beats everything out there. Well, d...
 First of all,the whole idea of remaking a clas...
 Nightbreed is definitely my most favorite movi...
 Even if you could get past the idea that these...
 Got back from Morocco then, where my dad was a...
 This is a bit long (2 hours, 20 minutes) but i...
 The plot of " Astronuat returns to Earth as a ...
 Dissapointing action movie with an interesting...
 I haven't seen anything this bad since I walke...
 Another one that slipped by the radar of most ...
 From time to time it's very advisable for the ...
 I received a copy of this film from a friend f...
 If you haven't seen this, it's terrible. It is...
 Director / lead actor Dutcher revels in this l...
 Of all the major 30s star actresses, Miriam Ho...
 Having borrowed this movie from the local libr...
 A very interesting documentary - certainly a l...
 Chop Shop. Written and directed by Ramin Bahra...
 As a fan of the old Doctor Who, and after the ...
 What begins as a fairly clever farce about a s...
 I wandered into Blockbuster with a friend the ...
 The story is derived from "King Lear"; the set...
 This film is outstanding and wonderfully score...
 I don't think I will include any spoilers but ...
 A noted cinematic phenomenon of the late eight...
 This is a pretty decent example of film noir. ...
 I really liked this film - not so much for the...
 OK, so it was written in 1996, before 9/11, so...
 I never figured out what the attraction of Kar...
 Cuba Gooding Jr. is a secret service agent who...
 Having read the other comments on this film, I...
 To be clear from the get go, 'The Bagman' is v...
 I know Jesse Franco is responsible for a wide ...
 I'm guessing that the folks talking up this dr...
 *Contains some spoilers* This movie is cheesy ...
 Not knowing a great deal about the Truth and R...
 People forget that there have been several Kin...
 What is so taboo about love?! People seem to h...
 Before launching into whether this film is wor...
 This film is a completely inaccurate depiction...
 As a big fan of the original film, it's hard t...
 I bought this movie because of Raquel Welch. S...
 It's hard to know what was going through Per K...
 "Purgatory Flats", shown on cable recently, is...
 Tu pa tam is one of the worst movies I've ever...
 I watched this with great trepidation, and my ...
 This movie tries its darndest to capture that ...
 "Capt. Corelli's Mandolin" is an old fashioned...
 I first saw this at a foreign film festival. I...
 Cactus Flower is what I call a "pizza movie" -...
 First of all I dunno if I was supposed to use ...
 I don't think the world was ready for this fil...
 The film is severely awful and is demeaning to...
 Rodney Dangerfield isn't the main character of...
 I bought this on DVD for my brother who is a b...
 I have yet to read Shirley Jackson's novel, so...
 I can just about understand why some people mi...
 I went to see this movie to kill some time. I ...
 This is, ostensibly, a movie about multiple gr...
 In 1979 Lucio Fulci released his film Zombi. H...
 One would have expected Hitchcock's return to ...
 This one is bad. A really bad and boring crime...
 Leland Fitzgerald (Ryan Gosling) is sent to ja...
 This one acts as a satire during the women's r...
 It was sad that COMMITTED lasted only two week...
 People, please don't bother to watch this movi...
 The first half hour of "Homegrown" was rather ...
 HLOTS was an outstanding series, its what NYPD...
 THE BOX (2009) * Cameron Diaz, James Marsden, ...
 The Regard of Flight, written and performed by...
 One night on an independent channel famous for...
 I just wanted to inform anyone who may be inte...
 The only explanation I can muster as to why th...
 It is real easy to toast, roast, flay, and oth...
 After having seen The Lost Child for quite a n...
 This is truly a documentary of love about a fa...
 An intriguing premise of hand-drawn fantasy co...
 The worst movie ever?? HARDLY!!! This is one o...
 This was a highly-hyped movie prior to its rel...
 This movie is based on the true story of Chris...
 I saw this film in Wales in July. It deals wit...
 This is a totally awesome movie! If you haven'...
 When I heard about "Hammerhead" being released...
 First half of the movie scared the hell out of...
 After 21 movies and three years of working in ...
 Here in Australia Nights in Rodanthe is being ...
 Sebastian Cabot is a rich jerk who wants to bu...
 I really like Kinski he is a great actor. I've...
 If you wish to have a truly traumatic experien...
 A brilliant and sensitive movie with interwove...
 My mother took me to see this film as a child ...
 Although the movie takes place at an "Ivy Leag...
 Emory is a Cincinatti steel worker like his fa...
 I will admit I possibly missed tiny moments wh...
 All you need is great house, a babysitter and ...
 Whenever a Columbo story deviates from the fam...
 I notice from the comments that most of the pe...
 This was a disgrace to the game FarCry i had m...
 First, I don't see how the movie is on any "be...
 I really liked this quirky movie. The characte...
 what the hell was the point of this dull movie...
 Being a huge fan of the Japanese singers Gackt...
 I am a massive fan of the LoG. I thought the f...
 The director has no clue. I know ... That is t...
 "House Of Evil" aka "Dance Of Death" of 1968 i...
 In August Days/Dies d'agost Marc Recha has giv...
 A good story, well-acted with unexpected chara...
 Never cast models and Playboy bunnies in your ...
 I totally agree with the review by a reviewer ...
 I love the movie. It brought me back to the be...
 How can anyone argue the fact that Urban Cowbo...
 First, this was a BRAVE film. I've seen Irreve...
 yes i have a copy of it on VHS uncut in great ...
 Like a very expensive Buffy episode peppered w...
 Most movies from Hollywood seem to follow one ...
 This oddity contains Bunuel-like touches, but ...
 Don't get fooled by the 'awards' and the comme...
 Although many have mixed feelings about this l...
 **SPOILERS AHEAD**<br /><br />It is really unf...
 The film version of 'Rising Damp' came out two...
 This movie was never intended as a big-budget ...
 I have just finished watching this film for th...
 When I first became a father about 5.5 years a...
 A variation of the same plot line was used in ...
 Guest from the Future tells a fascinating stor...
 Tim Burton the man behind the original Batman ...
 This movie bewilders me. It may be that I'm ju...
 If you want to see a movie that terribly mixes...
 When this first came out, my dad brought it ho...
 Twin brothers separated at birth (Due to the d...
 While the premise behind The House Where Evil ...
 I came across The Last Stop one day at a video...
 Niñas Mal is not a movie is a bad episode of a...
 "Inuyasha " was awful . This show was incredib...
 I love this film and it is such a wonderful ex...
 Wow...as a big fan of Larry McMurtry western t...
 This as the first of the Ma and Pa Kettle flic...
 The eighties produced a lot of gory little hor...
 How could I possibly pass up the chance to see...
 This film has recently been televised by Turne...
 What kind I say about this movie. well for sta...
 Joline (Heather Graham) married Carl (Luke Wil...
 Absolutely fantastic! Whatever I say wouldn't ...
 When a movie like "The Dukes of Hazzard" bring...
 Rossini once described rival composer Wagner's...
 A beautiful film about the coming of early sil...
 Well, I didn't know what to expect from 555. M...
 Legend of Zu is possibly the most exciting mov...
 Rather then long dance sequences and close ups...
 I just went to a screening of the film during ...
 Out of the first five episodes of Hammer's sho...
 The Muppet Movie <br /><br />directed by <br /...
 CONTAINS SPOILERS!<br /><br />I saw an advert ...
 I completely disagree with the other comments!...
 Filmatography: Excellent, nice camera angles (...
 Just thinking about the movie, i laugh to myse...
 I agree with with of the messages on here that...
 At first this looked like a boring comedy like...
 When I saw it for the first time I was really ...
 I really liked this picture, because it realis...
 As this happens to be one of most favorite nov...
 The Cure is an amazing film...So suspenseful a...
 This movie seems to start in the middle, intro...
 One of the best "Amitabh comeback" movies I li...
 An excellent and accurate film... McGovern tak...
 I was surprised that the makers of this movie ...
 Totally un-funny "jokes" that fall flat, amate...
 Apparently most viewer knows nothing about the...
 When I heard the film was to be released and t...
 This is one of the best TV movies I have ever ...
 Low budget junk about bloodthirsty cultists in...
 In the end credits of "Shadows", after we read...
 "The Last Wave" is one of those movies that re...
 In the very first episode of Friends, which ai...
 This is a very dark and intriguing horror type...
 Following the release of 'Snow White and the S...
 Pialat films people in extreme emotional situa...
 I absolutely loved this film... So much emotio...
 Having grown up in Texas, and less than 15 mil...
 It's amazing that this no talent actor Chapa g...
 By rights, there should never have been a "Fir...
 I saw this cartoon accidentally on television ...
 This is without a doubt the greatest film ever...
 I experienced Nightbreed for the first time on...
 Short Version: Seed isn't worthless. It's just...
 This wartime sitcom written by Jimmy Perry and...
 I just finished watching "El Otro". I have alw...
 I rented the video of "The Piano Teacher" know...
 Man, I loved this movie! This really takes me ...
 While it certainly wasn't the best movie I've ...
 This is easily my favourite film. A tragic rom...
 After two terrorist attacks in Europe, one in ...
 Despite all of the comparisons to House of Fra...
 The title has many meanings - the boxing ring,...
 I saw "Heaven-Ship" ("Himmelskibet") at the 20...
 This documentary on schlockmeister William Cas...
 After finally viewing this movie in its entire...
 ASCENDING to power in 1933, Hitler and his "Na...
 and I have seen a lot of films. I saw this in ...
 This movie was strange mainly because the plot...
 Robin Williams does his best to combine comedy...
 I have loved this movie ever since it's debut ...
 Apparently the film has a harsh anti-Bush mess...
 GUTS OF A BEAUTY is a bit better than its pred...
 This is a hilarious film. Burt Reynolds is a N...
 By Jove, what an unholy mess! Revenge, incestu...
 This type of show is not supposed to happen on...
 They loved him up and turned him into a horny ...
 Not that I want to be mean but this movie real...
 This movie stinks. The stench resembles bad co...
 "STEP BY STEP," is my opinion, is a pure ABC h...
 Follow the Fleet, an RKO production in 1936, s...
 This is the second Baby Burlesk short to be re...
 THE MATADOR (2005) *** _ Pierce Brosnan, Greg ...
 Joan Crawford is convincingly disfigured as ou...
 This film is roughly what it sounds like: a fu...
 "Capitães de Abril" is a very good. The story ...
 The wonderful "Z" Channel in Los Angeles showe...
 Spacecamp is one of the movies that kids just ...
 I work at a nuclear power plant, so I am getti...
 There have been more interesting polish docume...
 There is nothing worse than science fiction cr...
 What can one say about a film that has one of ...
 This film grabs you from the opening scenes an...
 Having grown up in the typing pool era and dea...
 I honestly have to say that A CAT IN THE BRAIN...
 This comment does contain spoilers!!<br /><br ...
 I thought this was a quiet good movie. It was ...
 But quite dated today. Otto Preminger made thi...
 The good fellas at Webster's Dictionary define...
 This is film-making at it's simplest and it's ...
 Well the reason for seeing it in the cinema wa...
 Let's be honest shall we? Al Gore no more TRUL...
 Arthur Bach needs to grow up, but that is unfo...
 This movie was crap. The script is so full of ...
 There may something poetically right in seeing...
 This film is striking only in its banality and...
 Shia LaBeouf has impressed me before with his ...
 I love killer Insects movies they are great fu...
 Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy THE MOVIE is abou...
 I rented this movie for about $1.50 - the most...
 Gerald (Richard Carlson) and Kitty (Veronica H...
 This was a mish mash of a film that started ou...
 The acronymic "F.P.1" stands for "Floating Pla...
 The first installment of this notorious horror...
 Starring an unknown cast which seem likely to ...
 My personal vision of hell is being locked in ...
 Now that's it's 2008, who really has a care in...
 This thriller is one of the few (film) surpris...
 Gracie (Minnie Driver), a woman in her late tw...
 13 days to Glory tells the traditional tale wi...
 This truly funny movie has a zany cast of char...
 I had very high hopes walking into this movie....
 I must confess that I don't remember this film...
 I think this is probably one of the worst movi...
 As a kid I loved the song "Never smile at a cr...
 My grandad gave me this DVD. With friends like...
 The best thing about this movie is that it is ...
 The larger-than-life figures of Wyatt Earp and...
 I never heard of architect, Louis Kahn, until ...
 Things to Come is indeed a classic work of spe...
 I really tried to like "Saw." The story was go...
 I actually retired from Asian horror films som...
 A super, unusual film from Audiard, Read My Li...
 Beautifully filmed, mind expanding exploration...
 Humour is a very individual thing and the audi...
 "The Matador" stars Pierce Brosnan as a burned...
 I will not spoil your surprise by mentioning a...
 First and foremost I'd like to state - for the...
 A major moneymaker for RKO Radio, Bombardier s...
 When a movie's claim to fame is that Martin Sh...
 It's just such a joy to have watched this intr...
 The peace and beauty of Koyaanisqatsi was a po...
 A movie this dumb should never see the light o...
 Dead To Rights is about a Police Officer named...
 I just saw this last night, it was broadcast o...
 VILLA RIDES (1968) turns out to be something o...
 "The Racketeer" stars Carol (deprived of the "...
 I've read a number of reviews on this film and...
 Before Tuscan Sky, I saw Diane Lane's tender p...
 I think this is almost all I need to say. I fe...
 I must say. This is easily one of my FAVORITE ...
 Though I have watched Salò, I do not know if e...
 Having watched the show for about four weeks, ...
 This film is all about humans. This film staye...
 In "Checking Out", Peter Falk plays an elderly...
 What boob at MGM thought it would be a good id...
 I saw this film for one reason: the tagline is...
 Spreading panic from Broadway to Bombay, 1957'...
 George Cukor directs this high quality story o...
 I lived in Tokyo for 7 months. Knowing the rea...
 *The whereabouts of Al Capone<br /><br />*Who ...
 As did others in this forum, when "Fobidden Pl...
 Every year there's one can't-miss much-anticip...
 After Chaplin made one of his best films: Doug...
 A shift in outlook is neccesary to enjoy moder...
 Caught the tail end of this movie channel surf...
 In reflecting on this movie I can think of two...
 I love the way he experiments. Ab Tak Chappan ...
 It's 1982, Two years after the Iranian Embassy...
 Edward Montagne's Tattooed Stranger is suppose...
 In London, the Venetian Carla Borin (Yuliya Ma...
 Shah rukh khan plays an obbsessed lover who wo...
 This is one of the best movies on the French R...
 I went to see this movie twice within a week a...
 Make up your own mind. Personally I found it a...
 From the opening sequence, filled with black a...
 Greta Garbo's American film debut is an analog...
 I watched this movie only coz it was expected ...
 I rented this movie because I love Kristanna L...
 You have to see it to believe it! Directors Al...
 "Red Rock West" was far and away one of the be...
 The monster from Enemy Mine somehow made his w...
 I avoided this film as a boy because I thought...
 I am continuously amazed at the US networks. W...
 The depiction of Ichabod Crane's character was...
 As someone who likes chase scenes and was real...
 I first saw this movie when it originally came...
 Me and a friend rented this movie because it s...
 This was one of the most boring movies I've ev...
 No surprise except in how quickly ABC reacted ...
 How could this get a 6.0 rating? Are we as hor...
 When i saw the first octopus movie it was a la...
 This is simply the epitome of what a made for ...
 I went to see this thinking it would be a grea...
 My expectations were quite high for this film....
 This movie was groundbreaking in the former So...
 I didn't like this movie for many reasons - VE...
 Surprisingly good. The acting was fun, the scr...
 We just saw this movie in Austin Texas at the ...
 A sadly inferior precursor to "Who's Afraid of...
 This film had about everything one could wish ...
 Writer-director Emilio Estevez shows a definit...
 Really an amazing pile of pap! <br /><br />A p...
 This may or may not be the worst movie that St...
 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie, but it is not...
 I have seen it a few times and get completely ...
 A lot of Alistair MacLean's books have made it...
 I honestly thought this movie was going to be ...
 Throw this lame dog a bone. Sooo bad...you may...
 The Girl in Lovers' Lane: 3 out of 10: Homoero...
 Okay, I'm not going to critique this film in d...
 It seems a lot of Europeans and Americans see ...
 I had never heard of this film before a couple...
 I had to watch this movie with my 5-year-old. ...
 This is a fascinating account of the hunt for ...
 Men of Honor has many great aspects to it. Goo...
 24 is the best television show!!!!! It's an in...
 I have never watched a movie in so little time...
 I am a big fan of bad horrors, cheap horrors, ...
 KRAMER VS KRAMER won five Oscars, including Be...
 I am an Indian residing in the United States. ...
 How Rick Sloane was allowed to make five movie...
 just can't watch this bit too many times, it's...
 A plane carrying a rich scientist's daughter g...
 I'll make this short and sweet....this movie s...
 Some have praised _Atlantis:_The_Lost_Empire_ ...
 I have personally seen many Disney movies in m...
 It's painfully obvious that the people who mad...
 Although this series and the mini film in part...
 It starts a little slow but give it a chance. ...
 I lived next door to the author in 1980 when h...
 Director Lesley Selander's thoroughly routine ...
 Before Sunrise is romance for the slacker gene...
 The Straight Story is the tale of an old man w...
 If you like animal movies, this movie will ple...
 The scenes are fast-paced. the characters are ...
 You know you are in trouble watching a comedy,...
 The topics presented are very interesting; sub...
 I loved this episode. It is so great that all ...
 If you tried to make a bad film, you could not...
 I saw this (video 2000) years ago and would lo...
 Many people remember the Waco standoff that oc...
 So they hyped the violence and it's been brand...
 I honestly fail to understand why people love ...
 No emotion. Bad music (and I am a reformed eig...
 These are the kinds of movies I loved, and sti...
 Everything I remember about it was excellent.....
 "Boy Next Door" is a hilarious romp through ma...
 Where to start ?! . . . I feel ... violated! T...
 This film has to rank down there with Ed Wood ...
 This was not a well done western. You've got t...
 Josef Von Sternberg directs this magnificent s...
 I was pleasantly surprised by the film. Let's ...
 I don't think this is too bad of a show under ...
 I have nothing but praise for this movie and c...
 No Fireworks Despite Violent Action.<br /><br ...
 A very bad film, an amalgam of clichés and his...
 At the same time John Russell was playing ranc...
 I can't even believe that this show lasted as ...
 If you like Cagney you'll like this film. It h...
 First of all, let me start by saying that I ha...
 Of course I have disappeared into the movies. ...
 Boring, rank nefarious plot, some of the worst...
 For a mature man, to admit that he shed a tear...
 This is a film which had eluded me thus far bu...
 This film was shot in Randolph County in centr...
 *The ELITE sniper team that has inserted 24h o...
 Listening to the soundtrack at the moment, the...
 Synopsis Correction: The ending does not show ...
 This is what porn used to be, this is a true c...
 I really wanted to love this show. I truly, ho...
 This miracle of a movie is one of those films ...
 I found this on the shelf while housesitting a...
 Ingmar Bergman's meditation on war concerns a ...
 Dev Anand (or Prashant) and Zeenat Aman ( Jasb...
 I saw an early screening of this film in New Y...
 Personal taste rules when it comes to talking ...
 This is one of those films that I remember bei...
 A sweeping and deeply moving love story featur...
 JACKNIFE is a fine adaptation of Stephen Metca...
 ...not that all Disney films are garbage.<br /...
 I was surprised to discover Michael Moore or B...
 William Wyler was to have directed this adapta...
 This is the ultimate, and I mean the ULTIMATE,...
 "How To Lose Friends & Alienate People" is not...
 The movie and acting are not bad and Jay Herna...
 "Midnight Cowboy" is one of those films thats ...
 Put quite simply, this film is terrifying.<br ...
 Leonard Maltin compared this film to a Mel Bro...
 Hidden Frontier is notable for being the longe...
 This is absolutely one of our favourites of 20...
 When you see Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi as ...
 and there are not many in cinema history. "Rou...
 Honestly, I was a big fan on 'Stay Alive' trai...
 Stage adaptations often have a major fault. Th...
 TCM is keeping me awake all the time... they k...
 There's nothing much to the story. A young wom...
 BASEketball is awesome! It's hilarious and so ...
 This film has been on my wish list for ten yea...
 I saw and liked the first two a lot, really. E...
 WARNING SPOILERS***** A really stupid movie ab...
 I saw Arthur(the TV series and the books)years...
 Whoever thought that ANOTHER Home Alone film w...
 Godard once said a way to criticize a movie is...
 Very few movies have had the impact on America...
 As much as I have enjoyed the Hanzo the Razor ...
 "The Beguiled" is a strange work among Clint E...
 Other commenters have described this movie as ...
 I think this is a great version, I came on her...
 THE AFFAIR is a very bad TV movie from the 197...
 As a parent of two girls(14 and 11) I have gra...
 In a way, Corridors of Time is a success story...
 This production was quite well done for a tele...
 A few yrs ago, I remember reading an essay by ...
 this movie was terrible. i thought with all th...
 96 minutes of this is cruel..and I love the ol...
 Anyone who sees this film will notice that the...
 Playmania is extremely boring. This is the bas...
 This is one of the worst horror movies I have ...
 The English translation of the title on the DV...
 The people who are praising this film are the ...
 I watched this immediately after seeing HILLSI...
 This is without a doubt the most poorly though...
 The director is sweet, as is his co-directing ...
 Commissaire Mattei(André Bourvil) is a single ...
 Sad in every aspect, this poor excuse for a ca...
 I like J-horror, anime and even kinda dig the ...
 This is a woeful Hollywood remake of a classic...
 Okay...it's 2005 and when you finally get to l...
 It takes a rare movie to get better each time ...
 You do realize that you've been watching the E...
 Like another ticket buyer I saw a nice cute po...
 This movie is a love story set in the backdrop...
 I was fortunate enough to meet George Pal (and...
 Someone had a great idea: let's have Misty Mun...
 I watched this film during a special advanced ...
 Me and my friend read the summery and watched ...
 I am a huge Jane Austen fan and I ordered the ...
 It has taken me a while to watch this version ...
 Much better than expected. Good family flick -...
 I wasted 35 minutes of my life on this turkey ...
 I hate football!! I hate football fans! I hate...
 In 1996's "101 Dalmatians," Cruella De Vil was...
 What i hate most in this garbage is the arroga...
 Oh f*cking hell, where should I start... First...
 This is a piece of celluloid CRAP. You can tel...
 This was an exteremely good historical drama. ...
 This movie reminded me a lot of a song by the ...
 The story is seen before, but that does'n matt...
 I rented this DVD because I'm a big science fi...
 After Fatih Akins first work "Im Juli", which ...
 My watch came a little too late but am glad i ...
 Worst mistake of my life.<br /><br />I picked ...
 I watched this film version of R.D. Blackmore'...
 Even allowing for my unabashed love of the fir...
 A lot of people hated this movie, but that I b...
 If this movie were any worse, it would have be...
 This movie was chosen, quite frankly as a pig ...
 A very intelligent and exciting thriller that ...
 This is possibility the worst and most disappo...
 Young Quaids fake accent was difficult to acce...
 Esther Williams plays a romantically unattache...
 Where to begin? <br /><br />#1 Amitabh's son, ...
 ... than this ;-) What would happen if Terry G...
 How do you describe perfection? In-the-Mood-Fo...
 I just want to add my two cents worth, and for...
 "Hak Hap", or "Black Mask" (in english) was a ...
 Hip, distinguished doctor James Coburn (as Pet...
 Albert Finney and Tom Courtenay are brilliant ...
 I am a Motion Picture Production major at Wrig...
 I would recommend this for anyone who is an ad...
 I wait for each new episode, each re-run with ...
 Wow! I have seen so many bad low budget films ...
 I just saw Hot Millions on TCM and I had compl...
 Keep in mind I'm a fan of the genre but have o...
 In a way, you have to respect Arachnia. It's c...
 Film is designed to affect the audience and th...
 This is another notorious Mexican horror film:...
 Peaceful rancher Robert Sterling is on the los...
 I'd have to say that this was a little embarra...
 As a huge fan or the Cracker series, I have be...
 A fragment in the life of one of the first fem...
 It was a good story, but not very well told. I...
 Bill Maher's Religulous is not an attack on or...
 I just wondering what is the purpose of making...
 Although credit should have been given to Dr. ...
 It's easy to see why many people consider In t...
 I decided to watch this on FearNet on demand f...
 Skeletons In The Closet takes the father-teena...
 FORBIDDEN PLANET is the best SF film from the ...
 An interesting companion piece to true documen...
 Sondra Locke stinks in this film, but then she...
 I watched this movie last week sometime and ha...
 Do not waste your time or your money on this m...
 My first child was born the year this program ...
 At least it's not full of sensless violence or...
 I've barely just made it through one episode (...
 Finally, Timon and Pumbaa in their own film......
 OK, this movie is stupid. I mean that in a goo...
 This movie is stupid, made by stupid people. T...
 Forget Plan 9, this is the ultimate fiasco, a ...
 The trick to creating a good, solid mystery st...
 Obviously, this one doesn't aim for the brain ...
 I didn't have many expectation going into the ...
 A group of friends decide to take a camping tr...
 "The house of the spirits" is quite awful. I l...
 One of my favorite movies of all time. Beautif...
 Given the low budget and production limitation...
 When moviegoers hear two popular villains/char...
 I first heard about this film about 20 years a...
 When I'd seen the name of this movie, I'd alwa...
 For die-hard Judy Garland fans only. There are...
 Though "The Sopranos" is yet another gift from...
 Simply put, this is the best movie to come out...
 I was fortunate enough to be an extra in this ...
 Really, the use of stock nature documentary of...
 Sure, it's hard being gay, especially in the s...
 It's difficult to not have a liking for Israel...
 Jack Lemmon was one of the finest actors that ...
 I saw it at Cinema MK2 Hautefeuille just one n...
 <br /><br />Heather Graham is not just a prett...
 I started watching this because i thought it w...
 I was surprised at how a movie could be both c...
 In the year 1985 (my birth year) Steven Spielb...
 Beautiful film set in 1962 Hong Kong about a m...
 In the sea of crap that Hollywood (and others)...
 During the brief Golden Age of the Super 8 Mag...
 I saw this film at the 2006 Palm Springs Inter...
 I have a little hobby of finding really cool p...
 Clearly this film was made for a newer generat...
 It really impresses me that it got made. The d...
 Yeah great cult TV series. Great atmosphere, t...
 Dreyfuss plays a mob boss who lost his mind, b...
 A tremendous action movie that I have ever see...
 There are spoilers but trust me, I'm doing you...
 When I first saw this movie, I had thought tha...
 I have just seen a very original film that I w...
 Many experienced and excellent actors mixed to...
 I bought this movie last weekend at my local M...
 It helps that the characters this show is base...
 This is simply put, the worst movie I have eve...
 Watching this series will probably make you fe...
 That's right! Under 9 on average, but maybe un...
 A post-apocalyptic warrior goes off to save so...
 The 1973 musical version of LOST HORIZON is th...
 Vovochka is your everyday hooligan vs authorit...
 Should have been titled 'Balderdash!' Little i...
 Who actually created this piece of crap this i...
 This movie sucked on so many levels! Ever seen...
 Corbin Bernsen gives a terrifically intense an...
 The title should have been "The walker". That ...
 Andrew Gurland's "Cheats" is his fictionalized...
 On more than one level, I can relate to what h...
 To quote Jason Connery and Mark Ryan on one of...
 Although this was not without its faults, this...
 Now the television schedules (in England, at l...
 I tried to finish this film three times, but i...
 I was struck by the awful acting and script fo...
 Sure, it's a 50's drive-in special, but don't ...
 We've seen a story like this before: a wife in...
 This totally odd-ball feature is a typical and...
 Why Panic never got a good theatrical release ...
 Should this be an American movie I'd rate it 7...
 Let me just give you guys some advice, if your...
 Good western filmed in the rocky Arizona wilds...
 I usually spend almost as much time writing my...
 This is one fine movie, I can watch it any tim...
 Jim Carrey shines in this beautiful movie. Thi...
 I caught this movie late night on TV, and was ...
 It seems more than passing strange that such u...
 Drifting around on bootlegs, sometimes thought...
 'I only wanted to see you laughing in the Purp...
 This movie was like any Jimmy Stewart film,wit...
 Working at a movie theater as a projectionist,...
 Okay the promos promised a comedy and people(f...
 "Well Chuck Jones is dead, lets soil his chara...
 Review: Nunsploitation films. They've been aro...
 I was so "impressed" with Tim Kincaid's MUTANT...
 How anyone can say this is bad is beyond me. I...
 I did not think this movie was worth anything ...
 After buying the DVD in a Bargain Bin due to t...
 Kurt Thomas in one of the series of gymnast ol...
 Yeah this films is tops. Cant recommend it mor...
 What a disappointment! Piper Perabo is adorabl...
 I honestly don't know where to begin when revi...
 Feeling Minnesota is one of the worst films I ...
 I sincerely wonder why this film was ever made...
 I love this movie. It was one of my favorite m...
 Humphrey Bogart in his first starring role loo...
 This whimsical film had the misfortune of bein...
 When I sat down in the cinema to see this I wa...
 There have been a lot of Zorro films made over...
 I watched this movie a couple of weeks ago and...
 Extremely formulaic with cosmic-sized logic ho...
 Today You Die was the 4th Seagal movie in a mi...
 Well, this is about as good as they come. Ther...
 This documentary is incredibly thought-provoki...
 "Opening Night" released in 1977, tries to be ...
 Sure, the plot isn't Oldboy. It seems the only...
 In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began making pictures...
 Panahi, whose previous films such as The Circl...
 **SPOILERS** I rented "Tesis" (or "Thesis" in ...
 One would think that since this film has a bad...
 Having heard quite positive reviews and having...
 I was one of about 200 people that was lucky e...
 I heard what people were saying, but I ignored...
 When I watched this movie it was an afternoon ...
 This low-grade Universal chiller has just been...
 I was peeved that the best make-up academy awa...
 This is the worst, and I mean THE worst comput...
 This movie was really funny even though it was...
 What an absolutely charming movie. The cast is...
 It was Jon Pertwee who said " It`s very diffic...
 Ben Marshall, a teen ager from a religious bac...
 Saw this on cable back in the early 90's and l...
 The exploding zeppelins crashing down upon 'Sk...
 I did not really want to watch this one. It se...
 While the story of a troubled kid turning to b...
 This is loosely based on the ideas of the orig...
 Just watched Hair after a lapse of 20 years. I...
 Ugh. Yes, it's exactly like the McMartin mess,...
 By far the worst movie of all time. Even Yaphe...
 A film that deserved theatrical release. This ...
 This has got to be the worst case of over acti...
 Latter Days for me was a very moving film, it ...
 This is one of those movies where I wish I had...
 well, the writing was very sloppy, the directi...
 I saw Bon voyage 2 days ago and I found it an ...
 If you like poor SE, (some) bad acting and a t...
 I sat with my children as we watched this film...
 As a big fan of Tiny Toon Adventures, I loved ...
 This document truly opened my eyes to what peo...
 Within the first 5 minutes of this movie I kne...
 Unless you want to be bored half to death. I'v...
 This is one of the best of the genre. I saw it...
 I live up here in croc territory and remember ...
 How many English 101 student's versions of 198...
 Having read this story a while ago I was very ...
 It would seem we should acknowledge Scandinavi...
 Talk about over acting...!!!! not just by Govi...
 The year 1950 saw two very different and inter...
 Whatever possessed Guy Ritchie to remake Wertm...
 Your attitude going into Prom Night II will de...
 I love Anthony Hopkins as an actor so I was ve...
 Dario Argento is a filmmaker I'm slowly gettin...
 I bought this on VHS as "Terror Hospital", and...
 "John Hughes' son wrote a high school drama! W...
 this is one of the greatest documentaries i've...
 Usually, Alan Alda plays characters that are t...
 I did not like the pretentious and overrated A...
 This is a typical college comedy and its very ...
 This movie rocks" Jen sexy as ever and Polly w...
 After "Attack of the Fifty Foot Woman" with Al...
 This documentary focuses on the happenings in ...
 Several posters have quoted Renoir voicing his...
 In Texas, seven friends meet in a bar to celeb...
 For those who think it is strictly potty humor...
 The film is set in Newcastle on Tyne in north ...
 This film was the worst film I have ever seen....
 I loved the idea of this film from the moment ...
 This movie is simply awesome.It was a very sen...
 A very interesting entertainment, with the cha...
 This is a good movie. Something fun about watc...
 You don't have to be a Notre Dame football fan...
 God, I am so sick of the crap that comes out o...
 stuey unger was a card playing legend. he was ...
 I thoroughly enjoyed Manna from Heaven. The ho...
 I went to a screening of this movie and while ...
 I've read a few books about Bonnie and Clyde, ...
 My personal opinion is that this movie had no ...
 Having just watched this movie, I almost feel ...
 Its about time that Gunga Din is released on D...
 This so called remake is terrible. I went to s...
 I first saw this when I was a teen in my last ...
 Where the Sidewalk Ends (1950)<br /><br />Wher...
 I never had an inkling while watching the movi...
 Story of a man who has unnatural feelings for ...
 Same old same old about Che. It completely ign...
 If this movie was written directed and produce...
 Nightmare Weekend is proof positive that some ...
 Producers Golan and Globus should have been as...
 In this film, there is a loose plot of a man (...
 I am a fifth grade language arts teacher, and ...
 I went to school with Jeremy Earl, that is how...
 In director Eric Stanze's 'ISOYC, IPOYG', thre...
 This is not the typical Mel Brooks film. It wa...
 "Chips" is an excellent blend of music, light ...
 This is the very La Nouvelle Vague.One of the ...
 OMG, it is seriously the best show in the worl...
 First I am a teenager. OK, and I have to say t...
 This movie is total dreck. I love Val Kilmer a...
 The reasons to watch this knock off... err... ...
 I was completely bored with this film, melodra...
 Francis Ford Coppola's "Apocalypse Now" is not...
 What impressed me the most about "One True Thi...
 Admittedly, I am not a fan of the Monogram Cha...
 I drove from Sacramento to San Francisco (and ...
 "Jaded" should not be considered as en erotic ...
 Guns blasting, buildings exploding, cars crash...
 Probably the best comedy in a long time. keeps...
 Not on the same level as Ring (or Ring 2) but ...
 Now I recently had the viewing pleasure to wat...
 I can't believe I even tried to watch this fil...
 the subspecies series is an always will be the...
 and generally speaking, you will eventually ha...
 I caught this as part of the Cartoon Noir pack...
 That magical moment in life, that point betwee...
 WOW! i didn't know that someone would make thi...
 and totally non-scary film. The characters doe...
 A critical and financial flop when first relea...
 First of all, I was expecting "Caged Heat" to ...
 This is such a revered and studied film, a cla...
 This is truly one of the worst movies ever mad...
 A few of my fellow writers have covered this m...
 As far as I am concerned, this film noir had t...
 I completely forgot that I'd seen this within ...
 OK, so Herc is a hunk... but the rest of the 3...
 There have been many (well, more than a few in...
 One of the best movies I ever saw - a classic ...
 Uzumaki, is a visually stunning Film, and I do...
 Okay, the only reason I watched this movie is ...
 I have to admit that I liked this film much mo...
 This sequel to the above - and the final entry...
 TV pilots, don't you love them? Quinn Martin t...
 One year after 'Love Thy Neighbour' made its I...
 After reading the terrible reviews of this mov...
 I saw this movie when I was really little. It ...
 I saw this movie with very low expectations. I...
 SPOILERS THROUGH: <br /><br />I really am in t...
 Apart from the low budget, there never seems t...
 Okay, let me break it down for you guys...IT'S...
 the Germans all stand out in the open and get ...
 I hoped to learn something from this movie, bu...
 Why do I give this 1974 porn movie 7 points? B...
 You would probably get something like this. I'...
 The female hot numbers on this show are breath...
 If you love kung-fu films and you haven't seen...
 I was looking through the movie listings in my...
 It must say something about the state of our n...
 When Alfred Hitchcock made STRANGERS ON A TRAI...
 A brutally straightforward tale of murder and ...
 I love the premise, but it's replay value is o...
 Is it really possible that so many people in t...
 Superb movie. Very good photography of 1969/70...
 First, it takes a full half hour to get Hackma...
 I'm probably not giving this movie a fair shak...
 Just reading why this show got canceled makes ...
 Very funny, well-crafted, well-acted, meticulo...
 The three names that mean the most to this fil...
 I saw Two Hands back in Sydney a few years ago...
 Between sweeping, extraordinary scenes within ...
 I've read every book to date in the left behin...
 Why take a perfectly good original drama, base...
 Technically I'am a Van Damme Fan, or I was. th...
 I have always been a fan of this largely unsee...
 This is one of my favourite movies EVER... I h...
 Given the nature and origin of the 11 filmaker...
 Someone will have to explain to me why every f...
 When I think Bollywood. I think of lite feel g...
 It is a great movie. i sow that some people th...
 While I can understand some of the points made...
 I don't know why people always want deeper mea...
 I like all of the main actors involved in this...
 OK where do I start? I saw a screening a coupl...
 Yep, the topic is a straight quote from the mo...
 At first glance a film like Northfork, a town ...
 This is the version that even the author hated...
 OK I was bought this a few Xmas' ago by my bro...
 Whoever made this movie must have done it as a...
 The Guidelines state that a comment must conta...
 Wow... this is the kind of movie that makes yo...
 I'm sure the film contains certain gaps in log...
 Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the A...
 This is one of those movies that was never pub...
 For reasons I cannot begin to fathom, Dr. Lore...
 Although this film looks like a Crime Thriller...
 Sure, it had some of the makings of a good fil...
 an oirish film not made for an irish audience....
 If you find the depiction of violent murders a...
 The Box is one of the strangest movies I have ...
 Lets first start this review with the fact tha...
 I hired the DVD yesterday and first of all it ...
 This is a gory mess and pretty convincing. Cor...
 Being the only movie I was able to see at this...
 This charmingly pleasant and tenderhearted seq...
 I found the film quite expressive , the way th...
 Outrage is pretty good movie! Robert Culp was ...
 A totally pathetic attempt at movie about sacr...
 Not totally off the wall in a good way, but ju...
 I think "category 6: day of destruction" was v...
 Charming doesn't even begin to describe "Savin...
 This movie tells the tender tale of a demented...
 This masterpiece of lesbian horror comes from ...
 This film is great. All the hi-tech machinery ...
 Blonde and Blonder was unfunny.Basically, it w...
 Not exactly a new story line, but this romanti...
 Robin Williams is excellent in this movie and ...
 In my honest opinion, everyone should see this...
 I agree with another reviewer, this is such a ...
 Let this film serve as the death knell to the ...
 Deanna Durbin really did save Universal from b...
 Ruth Gordon is one of the more sympathetic kil...
 Stargate SG-1 is a spin off of sorts from the ...
 A savage, undisciplined lion has been put behi...
 A very "straight" nice old lady, desperate for...
 I'll be honest. The only reason I watched this...
 I have seen this film more then once. Actually...
 A decent sequel, but does not pack the punch o...
 Yet another in the long line of "Don't" films ...
 Of all the kung-fu films made through the 70's...
 The first time I saw this film, I loved it. It...
 Out of 15 people I loaned this movie too.. NO ...
 This picture was released in May of 1979 starr...
 Russell Hopton acted in many films until his d...
 Sophisticated sex comedies are always difficul...
 Perhaps the funniest 'backstage at Hollywood' ...
 What a great film it is. The notion of nations...
 Oh my... bad clothing, worse synth music and t...
 I first saw Heimat 2 on BBC2 in the 90's when ...
 Closer to reality and containing more depth th...
 There are so many words I want to use to descr...
 I cant describe how terrible this movie is. Am...
 Judging from this film and THE STRONG MAN, mad...
 'Chances Are' a big mistake to see. You could ...
 Unless I'm sadly mistaken, I rented A Nightmar...
 Wow! Only a movie this ludicrously awful could...
 Rarely have I seen an action/suspense movie th...
 The only thing that surprises me more than the...
 Although I had some hopes for this film, parti...
 Asia Argento has never done a film (so far as ...
 As a Canadian, I didn't know very much about t...
 My expectations were high after seeing the tra...
 Yes, Lifetime has a habit of making the male s...
 Over Her Dead Body was a nice little movie.It ...
 Once in a while it is good to see a really bad...
 Sacha Baron Cohen is a genius. And this movie ...
 almost every review of this movie I'd seen was...
 Three ten-year-old children born at the same t...
 Jack Frost 2 was a horrible, terrible, sadly p...
 I thought that this is a wonderfully written m...
 Grey Gardens was enthralling and crazy and you...
 I watched the beginning twice, could NOT make ...
 Blade is a dark, gloomy, but significent vampi...
 It is not surprising that this film was made b...
 First of all, let me comment that the audience...
 First off just to say i didn't get the edition...
 Grabbed my attention on Netflix Instant Play b...
 I think that this film adds to diversity and i...
 Can you say "All shock, no plot?" There were s...
 This is not the video nastie, but only because...
 In watching this off and on for a few seasons,...
 this film was shrouded in scandal for so long ...
 let me say that i love Adam Sandler, watching ...
 Although it was dark, depressing, and at times...
 Some years ago, satellite channel U.K. Gold pr...
 I was initially dubious about this movie (mere...
 A teen-age boy, who is not in the military and...
 Some folkie friends recommended this, but as a...
 Bedrooms and Hallways was one of the funniest ...
 The United States built the atomic bomb in ord...
 Another episode from childhood that, as an adu...
 I admit it now. This is one of the lamest film...
 Let me clarify that. This is not a "good movie...
 This film is probably the best new French film...
 This early film from future goremeister Lucio ...
 Yes, this is an ultra-low budget movie. So the...
 My 3rd-year French classes always enjoyed this...
 This is a great movie. When two people from di...
 As main "character" Lillith Silver likes to po...
 Though not a horror film in the traditional se...
 ManBearPig is a pretty funny episode of South ...
 SPOILERS<br /><br />A buddy of mine said NEXT ...
 The breadth & height of the scale of this movi...
 When my parents rented this movie, I was expec...
 Wow. Rarely have I felt the need to comment on...
 This movie is great. If you enjoy watching B-c...
 The first 50 minutes of this movie were quite ...
 I'm not sure if this is some kind of masterpie...
 At the 2005 Phoenix Film Festival, it was no s...
 This really is by far the worst movie I've eve...
 "The Odd Couple" is one of those movies that f...
 I have now suffered through Parts, The Clonus ...
 John Schelesinger's career as a film director ...
 A couple move into their dream home, unaware t...
 I quit watching "The West Wing" after Aaron So...
 This movie made by the NFBC was made in honor ...
 This is by far the worst film I have seen in m...
 I can only agree with many observers that Traf...
 This light hearted comedy should be enjoyed fo...
 Garden State was a mediocre film at best. The ...
 It's okay ... a few years later Chayefsky's cl...
 This was one of the best movies I have seen. T...
 I've now just realised that by watching this f...
 In this little film we have some great charact...
 Now and again, a film comes around purely by a...
 I bought this film from e-bay as part of a lot...
 We brought this film as a joke for a friend, a...
 This movie was absolutely terrible. The only e...
 OK I'll be honest, when I first saw the traile...
 A number of factors make it easy for me to sta...
 How do two great actors foist off a piece of j...
 I walked into Heart Of Gold thinking I was goi...
 Apartmente'L is one of the most interesting mo...
 If you want an excellent survey of Byzantine h...
 Dan Ackroyd in his prime stars as Johgn Burns,...
 There seems to be a spectrum of cinema. On the...
 Fans of the Pink Panther, Naked Gun, or Get Sm...
 There's no other word for it...Fox dumped this...
 This movie is awful. It creates characters not...
 John Waters has made the most effusively buoya...
 When I first saw this film it was about 1956 a...
 I am furious! It has been a while since the la...
 i just wanted to say i liked this movie a lot,...
 And obviously I didn't see it! <br /><br />But...
 My school's drama club will be putting this sh...
 Picture Bride paints a realistic and moving po...
 Franco Zeffirelli's ("The Taming Of The Shrew,...
 I have realized that many people have commente...
 No blood, no sex (though it oozes passion), no...
 Greetings again from the darkness. Mary Heron ...
 I don't usually like to comment on the acting ...
 Melissa's sixteenth birthday is right around t...
 This movie is so awesome! I loved it, it was r...
 The Dentist is a really good thriller. And pre...
 Even the first 10 minutes of this movie were h...
 This is better than the early Cronenberg horro...
 If you want a fun romp with loads of subtle hu...
 Troubled men's magazine photographer Adrien Wi...
 This is a wonderfully written and well acted p...
 I decided to watch this show and give it a go ...
 Evidently, not many people have seen this movi...
 Not that he'd care, but I'm not one of Simon P...
 This filmed presentation of "the Rime of the A...
 what can i say. oh yeah those freaking fingers...
 I will never forget when I saw this title in t...
 The last film in Lucas' saga is a lavish, spec...
 How to take Charles Darwin's fantastic intelle...
 This film was a disaster from start to finish....
 Scary Movie 3 isn't as funny as its predecesso...
 I neglected this film when I used to go to the...
 If you don't like bad acting, poor editing, ri...
 I heard about this film and knew it wasn't rea...
 I picked this title up from a friend who had i...
 I went to see this film over Matchstick Men, i...
 All the reviewers are making one big mistake. ...
 The Fiendish Plot of Dr. Fu Manchu starring Pe...
 I love the mockumentary format that Chris Gues...
 I simply cant understand why all these relics ...
 A good Korean film about not just Taekwondo bu...
 When I first heared that there was going to be...
 The first ten minutes of "Just Looking" really...
 A female executioner (played by the sexy Jenni...
 Lars Von Triers Europa is an extremely good fi...
 It's kind of fascinating to me that so many re...
 this movie wasted my time. i saw only part of ...
 I just finished watching this film. For me, th...
 I saw this on the shelves at the rental place ...
 The movie deserves 2/10. 1.5 stars for the gir...
 Its a good film set in Vienna about a cab driv...
 Hitchcock's remake of his 1934 film concerns a...
 I picked up Time Changer because it looked lik...
 My take on this, at our local festival where p...
 What can I say about this? Such a big Prestige...
 This is the movie that I use to judge all othe...
 This movie has the distinction of being the wo...
 So many of us who are devoted to the "art" of ...
 Director Kinka Usher stays true to his own cre...
 Without doubt, one of the worst films ever mad...
 I love this movie and have seen it quite a few...
 I am so confused. What in the world was this m...
 The third film I got to watch at the philly fi...
 MABEL AT THE WHEEL is one of those movies with...
 Haven't seen any of the Japanese Grudge-films,...
 This film is about a teen who is struggling wi...
 My mom and I went to see this film because my ...
 I first saw this film in the theater way back ...
 I'm doing a thesis on blurring the boundaries:...
 I've seen all four of the movies in this serie...
 OVERALL PERFORMANCE :- At last the long waitin...
 ..especially by Lambert. This is the essential...
 Probably the best picture Producers Releasing ...
 Once again Elmer is faced with the dilemma of ...
 Final Score: 0 (out of 10)<br /><br />***Possi...
 This movie is a very realistic view of a polic...
 Each frame in the movie is a lesson to new dir...
 "First Snow" has an intriguing beginning. A tr...
 Based on the manga (comic) of well-known artis...
 Home Room was a great movie if you've ever had...
 My Take: Even splendid underwater photography ...
 A stunning realization occurs when some sort o...
 Bad acting? Yes, but it was not a surprise. St...
 As an Altman fan, I'd sought out this movie fo...
 "Closet Land" was sponsored by Amnesty Interna...
 There is no greater disservice to do to histor...
 I wouldn't bring a child under 8 to see this. ...
 Amateurish in the extreme. Camera work especia...
 I first viewed this movie when it first came o...
 I know that Guts of a Beauty and Guts of a Vir...
 This movie was good for it's time. If you like...
 Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon did two movi...
 Talented screenwriter Alvin Sargent sadly cann...
 I saw an advanced screening for this movie ton...
 I saw this drama by cable TV. Although I saw j...
 There is one detail, which is not very common ...
 There was a reasonably good looking girl starr...
 "Imaginary Heroes" is a 2004 film starring Sig...
 I saw the movie late one night on cable and co...
 This review contains spoilers.<br /><br />I wa...
 A truly horrible film that left me feeling sul...
 Well let's be fair. Following up a cult classi...
 I found this film rather brilliant. Initially ...
 The most famous thing about this movie is that...
 After watching Stop-Loss, I find myself agains...
 When I read MOST of the other comments, I felt...
 I don't see what everyone liked about this mov...
 George Cuckor, known as a director of women, c...
 The movie "Everything is Illuminated" comes fr...
 Like many other commentators here, I went in e...
 I saw this movie a few months ago in the town ...
 To finally see what many consider to be the gr...
 This movie draws you in and gets you hooked on...
 Clifton Webb as "Mr. Scoutmaster" is one of th...
 102 DALMATIANS [Walt Disney]: I wasn't a fan o...
 The tweedy professor-types thought they had it...
 This film is Engaging and Complex while mainta...
 It happened with Assault on Prescient 13 in 20...
 Awful, waste of time. There is no camp or tras...
 The cast alone tells you this will be a notch ...
 Six out of seven people who took the time to c...
 A dedicated Russian Scientist dreams of going ...
 "The Twins Effect" is the worst movie I've see...
 movie I have ever seen. Actually I find it one...
 NOROI follows a documentary filmmaker, Masafum...
 OK from the point of view of an American, who ...
 The image of movie studios being financially-d...
 Two great comedians in a great Neil Simon movi...
 Director/star Clint Eastwood's "Sudden Impact"...
 I'm both amused and disgusted by the people wh...
 I enjoyed very much the movie wooden camera. I...
 Most people attending this film will have no i...
 I hate reading reviews that say something like...
 I, as many IMDB patrons seem to have, stumbled...
 Jesus Franco is pretty hit or miss on his film...
 A pretty awful film, I'm amazed the likes of D...
 To borrow from Dorothy Parker: This is not a f...
 I would like to comment on how the girls are c...
 I happened upon a rare copy of this early Almo...
 I initially gained interest in this film after...
 After finally watching Walt Disney's Song of t...
 This movie is outrageous, funny, ribald, sophi...
 I noticed that A NEW HOPE and THE EMPIRE STRIK...
 2001: A Space Odyssey <br /><br />Is it a serm...
 I can't understand why many IMDb users don't l...
 This program was shown in an early morning tim...
 This film has an interesting plot, but the act...
 ***SPOILERS*** Like some evil Tinkers-to-Evers...
 Gregory Peck's brilliant portrayal of Douglas ...
 Phantom Lady (1944) Dir: Robert Siodmak <br />...
 Deepa Mehta, Arundhati Roy and a host of other...
 This was one of the few shows that my wife and...
 I have walked out of about 6 movies my entire ...
 Without actually giving away my age, I saw thi...
 "How can a name, not even a real name, break y...
 A good idea let down by heavy-handed productio...
 This film was incredible! Looked high budget b...
 Every time you think you have a handle on Deat...
 Jack Black's character, Tim Dingman the "Dream...
 It's a cooking competition show, Americanized....
 Despite Louis B. Mayer reportedly not being in...
 I did not intend to write this review, but hav...
 This film seems well made, and more efforts sh...
 My wife and I saw every episode in this series...
 Well, for a start, I must say that, here, in R...
 Poor Michael Madsen; he must be kicking himsel...
 Barbra Streisand's debut television special is...
 One previous reviewer called this film "pure v...
 This is a charming little film, which like man...
 This is the ultimate of horror movies this yea...
 This move actually had me jumping out of my ch...
 Unlike the previous poster, I liked the cellul...
 Jewel Thief is one of those suspense thrillers...
 What a dire film. I cannot believe that I actu...
 Well I don't know where to begin. Obviously th...
 People who thought that THE CHRONICLES OF RIDD...
 MST3K fodder. It's so bad it's actually worth ...
 One of the most underrated comedies. Dan Akroy...
 I've seen the Thin Man series -- Powell and Lo...
 I bought the DVD out of a big bin for $4.99, t...
 Kalifornia is disturbing. I believe there is n...
 "Curse of the Forty-Niner" doesn't really dese...
 I've seen the first of the dwarf-Movies and so...
 Columbo is guest lecturer for a criminology cl...
 This is the one in which the diminutive Ruth G...
 As a sci-fi and casual Angelina Jolie fan, I t...
 The "silver screen" gets freshly polished with...
 "Deliverance" is one of the best exploitation ...
 If, like me, you actively seek out the rarest ...
 The film starts out great, with a mock instruc...
 Jimmy Stewart was a real life pilot, WWII flie...
 As far as Christian film goes,it's typical.Lac...
 Cross-eyed is a very original and funny movie....
 This was a fairly creepy movie; I found the mu...
 this, is NOT one of those films it is one of t...
 In the mid 1800s, Irishman Dennis Hopper (as D...
 Saying a film is depressing isn't necessarily ...
 i totally disagree.i thought that this was a g...
 Kasparov vs. Deep Blue is no doubt a fascinati...
 First of all there is Gujarati Theatre then th...
 Nicole Eggert was listed as the star of this, ...
 I have seen most of the Tarzan episodes. Certa...
 We have given this film one star for awful, ho...
 All this show is, is the same plot. Kuszko (sp...
 Lynch. The man has some really great stuff! He...
 Am an ardent Vijay fan. I have never seen anot...
 I thoroughly enjoyed this flick. I am of the f...
 The acting is good, the action is good, and so...
 This one-minute film is arguably the first mov...
 In the opening scene, the eye patch wearing de...
 A gut-ripping baby T-Rex is on the loose in a ...
 I have tried to like this show, I really have,...
 <br /><br />A friend of mine enjoys watching t...
 I saw this in the cinema during its initial re...
 I read somewhere where this film was supposed ...
 I really don't understand why people get so up...
 "Emma Woodhouse" Gwyneth Paltrow (Shakespeare ...
 I, too, was fooled by the packaging. I, too, f...
 I can't believe they got the actors and actres...
 Alain Resnais directs three parallel stories t...
 This movie is NOT the same as the 1954 version...
 This film is about aging Geisha in post war To...
 This film is very creepy indeed. Unfortunately...
 In Los Angeles, the alcoholic and lazy Hank Ch...
 Hoot is a nice young person's film about a gro...
 This is a profound and moving work about the c...
 I've seen a few movies in my time, but this on...
 Have I seen a worse movie? Perhaps only "Manos...
 A pretty memorable movie of the animals-killin...
 Ill-conceived sequel(..the absurd idea of havi...
 Moon Child was one of the more symbolic movies...
 Some people say Steve Irwin's larrikin antics ...
 I just watched Holly along with another movie ...
 Raggedy Ann & Andy is the first movie I ever s...
 Strange how less than 2 hours can seem like a ...
 Better than the original, "the Gamers: Dorknes...
 We don't know why this extraordinary film was ...
 It is 1969. Phoebe(Camilla Belle) is an 11 yea...
 Although it really isn't such a terribly movie...
 I'm sure that the folks on the Texas/Louisiana...
 Coming shortly before the imposition of a mora...
 I love John Saxon in anything he's in. The one...
 All Dogs Go To Heaven is on a par with Watersh...
 GAME.... Huh... game. I'm not even sure the bl...
 This is a horrible little film--and unfortunat...
 A surprise thriller with more twists and doubl...
 Hey guys, <br /><br />i have been looking ever...
 I showed this to my 6th grade class about 17 y...
 I have been a fan of this movie for years and ...
 Who wrote this? Some guy named John Cohen. I g...
 I should have gone without seeing the movie af...
 Hitchcock displays his already developed under...
 I had no idea that Mr. Izzard was so damn funn...
 As a SCUBA diver, I can appreciate the incredi...
 This is an extremely involving series that is ...
 When I bought this DVD I though: "It seems to ...
 The Aristorcats is a hilarious film that not m...
 This is by far the most repulsive and atrociou...
 Ever since I've been allowed to play Goldeneye...
 Given that a lot of horror films are based on ...
 When the noble Hanabusa clan is decimated by t...
 I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman. 'The Shawshan...
 Wow. Just wow. Never before have i seen a horr...
 When John Singleton is on, he's *on*!! And thi...
 As horror films go, "Rest Stop", could have be...
 I had to give this film a 10 simply because it...
 This movie should have ended as soon as the jo...
 What can i say about this movie? I have seen i...
 Nothing but the director's juvenile fantasy co...
 First, I should mention that I really enjoyed ...
 With this film, Bunuel manipulates the viewer ...
 It is a real shame that nearly no one under 30...
 I was plagued by nightmares involving Sesame S...
 As you probably already know, Jess Franco is o...
 ***MILD SPOILERS*** Dear Inman, Kind words are...
 I am speechless. Matty Simmons has managed to ...
 I read the novel some years ago and I liked it...
 Growing up, Joe Strummer was a hero of mine, b...
 I have to start by telling you how I came acro...
 Why didn't the producers give that show a chan...
 I really enjoyed this movie about the relation...
 i have seen many Japanese horrorfilms and i ha...
 All I can say is, before watching the movie I ...
 <br /><br />This film has some really impressi...
 These were two video shot movies that Troama d...
 What a pleasant surprise: A Disney DTV (Direct...
 I watched Phat Beach on cable for a while and ...
 I want so badly to give this piece of GARBAGE ...
 I have to be completely honest in saying first...
 For me, the best & most memorable movies are o...
 As a great fan of the Hammer Studios and enthu...
 Worst film ever, this is a statement that peop...
 This movie has one of the cheesiest plots I ha...
 Cut to the chase, this is one of the five wors...
 I saw this movie, and at times, I was unnerved...
 Though the title may suggest examples of the 1...
 The movie lacks credence with the helicopters ...
 It's been so long since I've seen this movie (...
 Perhaps the deepest cartoon made in the USA, "...
 The King of Masks is a beautifully told story ...
 A frustrating documentary. Louis Kahn's son, w...
 The story of a Volcano erupting downtown L.A. ...
 This is definitely not one of Lucio Fulci's be...
 Finally a movie where the audience is kept gue...
 Well, don't bother. This film looks so tired, ...
 Woody Allen (who I have to confess at the outs...
 American Tourist on package tour in Asia suffe...
 What are people on here talking about? I must ...
 Alfred Hitchcock's Saboteur is not one of his ...
 Jack Brooks (Trevor Matthews) is a college stu...
 Un Gatto nel Cervello, or Nightmare Concert as...
 American film makers decided to make a film th...
 This movie really sucked.....HARD! It was just...
 As I sat in the theater almost crying to mysel...
 Everything about this film was terrible. To st...
 Oh dear, this movie was bad for various reason...
 Arising from characters previously developed i...
 Strangely, this version of OPEN YOUR EYES is m...
 I just thought it was excellent and I still do...
 "The belief in the Big Other as an invisible p...
 After spotting the boat at the end of the prev...
 I am astonished at the major comments here for...
 If you have not seen this late 80s film about ...
 Aslan Adam, or Lionman as it's more commonly k...
 This movie has a special way of telling the st...
 LE CERCLE ROUGE is a very good film, though it...
 I would just like to point out (in addition to...
 Super Speedway makes a great demo of your new ...
 I found this movie to be quite enjoyable and f...
 First: I like S Segal! But in this movie, he h...
 "Problem Child" is one of the goofiest movies ...
 A solid B movie.<br /><br />I like Jake Weber....
 I first saw this movie 3 years ago, and it was...
 This has always been one of my favourite movie...
 I tend to get furious when hearing about Lucio...
 The first episode immediately gave a good impr...
 As I watched one of Orson Welles' last contrib...
 I always wanted to see ELECTRA GLIDE IN BLUE f...
 I enjoy science-fiction just as much as the ne...
 Like watching a neighbor's summer camp home mo...
 "Laughter is a state of mind" says the tag, an...
 By far this has to be one of the worst movies ...
 I remember running home from school almost eve...
 Time for a rant, eh: I thought Spirit was a gr...
 Shirley MacLaine in another tailor-made role. ...
 <br /><br />Having read the unemployed critic'...
 There is absolutely nothing in this movie that...
 I was amazed at the improvements made in an an...
 Though I did not begin to read the "Classics" ...
 Ronald Colman gives an electrifying performanc...
 Some of the reviewers of this film were extrem...
 This made for TV film is about every cliché yo...
 I have no idea as to which audience director G...
 No,no,no. That is my advice to you if you are ...
 There are some elements that save this movie f...
 I logged on here right after watching this mov...
 First of all, let me say that I am in no way d...
 My wife and kids was and still is the best com...
 Elia Kazan, one of the best theater directors ...
 This movie is still alive and kicking today th...
 Heavenly Days commits a serious comedy faux pa...
 First up this film, according to the slick sai...
 Apparently, in the eyes of some - there aren't...
 In any number of films, you can find Nicholas ...
 I am a professional musician who was inspired ...
 This film is in no way entertainment but more ...
 The location of the shop around the corner is ...
 For those looking for a sequel for the fine So...
 OK. Not bad movie making if it were from an or...
 Typically, I'm a comedy guy. I rented this at ...
 'Night Crossing' is about an enormous barrier ...
 Let's begin by acknowledging that there are ar...
 Kennan Ivory Wayans was so funny in Low Down D...
 Not too many people seem to know about this mo...
 "The Ex-Mrs. Bradford" (1936), starring Thin M...
 I always believed that a film that's plot is c...
 A masterpiece of comedy, a masterpiece of horr...
 Debbie Boone had a monster hit with her record...
 With the dialogue in the dubbed version of thi...
 This is one of the great ones. It works so bea...
 "The Garden of Allah" is a prime example of "p...
 I've seen Riverdance in person and nothing com...
 I wanted to like this movie. But it falls apar...
 Awful, simply awful. It proves my theory about...
 Whenever I hear a movie being touted because i...
 i was surprised after watching this piece of c...
 Murders are occurring in a Texas desert town. ...
 It beats me how anyone can rate this film very...
 Bored with the normal, run-of-the-mill staple ...
 Well this film has certainly had a fair amount...
 This movie wasn't the best... but it did have ...
 It is often hard to decide what the best film ...
 Never had I seen such a powerful true story mo...
 This movie might be o.k. if not for all the la...
 The makers of this film have created a future ...
 A somewhat typical bit of filmmaking from this...
 This three-hour Chinese epic, set in 220 B.C.,...
 Like most everyone who views this movie, I did...
 The Fury of the Wolfman is a very good film th...
 Hilarious film. I saw this film at the 2002 Sy...
 For a while it seemed like this show was on 24...
 Being a Russian myself, sometimes it's hard fo...
 Alexander Nevsky is rightfully held up as a ci...
 A deplorable social condition triggers off the...
 The story of peace-loving farmers and townspeo...
 "Tenchi Muyo In Love 2" is the third Tenchi mo...
 My partner and I sat down to watch this film o...
 The Long Kiss Goodnight has just about everyth...
 I went to this movie expecting an artsy scary ...
 I have seen this film on 3 different occasions...
 I hated this crap, every Friday as part of tgi...
 Well it might be a kid's movie...perhaps but i...
 The idea is to have something interesting happ...
 there's only so much that i can take of Filipi...
 I really tried to give this film a chance but ...
 As a Bruce Campbell fan for nearly two decades...
 It's one of those dramas that's so bad that it...
 Victor Buono as the Devil? Surely somebody mus...
 When I first picked this film up I was intrigu...
 Johny To makes here one of his best style exer...
 The volleyball genre is strangely overlooked b...
 Man, this movies sucked. It appeared to have l...
 One of the joys of picking up the recent Bela ...
 "Plants are the most cunning and vicious of al...
 I've heard people who say this movie is dull d...
 I think this film has been somewhat overrated ...
 The best Batman movie of the 90's no doubt abo...
 I'm among millions who consider themselves Car...
 I was in such high hopes of seeing an adaptati...
 If you see this turkey listed in your TV guide...
 because that is the only way you won't think t...
 There has been a political documentary, of rec...
 In the early 00's, production companies had a ...
 I think that the idea of the plot is perfect f...
 This is the worst show I have seen in years. I...
 This movie has a "big production" feel that I ...
 Okay, so Gus Van Sant wanted to remake Psycho ...
 Thank God this has not been renewed by ITV.<br...
 Don't mistake "War Inc." for a sharply chisele...
 very rarely it happens that i sit down to writ...
 Gods, I haven't watched a movie this awful in ...
 This movie is a great. The plot is very true t...
 **** Includes Spoilers ****<br /><br />I've be...
 ANTWONE FISHER is the story of a young emotion...
 I only lasted 15mins before self preservation ...
 Tim Robbins is oddly benign here, cast as a ga...
 I knew as soon as I saw the first trailer for ...
 This is how I feel about the show.<br /><br />...
 This is a film notable for what is not shown a...
 Coming of age movies are quite usual these day...
 It has been years since I have been privileged...
 This movie got off to an interesting start. Do...
 I got to see this just this last Friday at the...
 This is said to be the first Polish western an...
 I really liked the movie. I remember reading i...
 In 2005,George W. Bush started with his second...
 A broke would be screenwriter and his would be...
 So, as far as I gather, this episode is trying...
 Having just finished reading the book "One of ...
 Maria Bello doesn't seem to care what people t...
 This film is about British prisoners of war fr...
 A few years ago, a friend got from one of his ...
 I was looking in the TV Guide for movies that ...
 When I was 17 my high school staged Bye Bye Bi...
 I am glad to see most other people here don't ...
 For a film with so much promise it was disappo...
 The final film for Ernst Lubitsch, completed b...
 Spike Feresten is a comic genius. 'Talkshow' d...
 The film portrays France's unresolved problems...
 So why does this show suck? Unfortunately, tha...
 Foolish hikers go camping in the Utah mountain...
 It couldn't have come out at a worse time--jus...
 'The Shop Around the Corner (1940)' is a pleas...
 No music. No stupid masala. A reasonably reali...
 I knew that I was not about to see a quality f...
 All through his career Hitchcock did great fil...
 Why do they insist on making re-makes of great...
 Typical thriller, has been done many times bef...
 I live in Mexico City, so I have to suffer thr...
 Although the wonderful soda counter in the loc...
 A really bad sequel. Part 1 had a lot of funny...
 Most families will recognise similarities betw...
 Truly bad and easily the worst episode I have ...
 I finally saw LAURE and I have to say that I e...
 The make -or-break of a love story for me is w...
 This movie starts out with an execution of a p...
 I first saw this movie when I was about 10 yea...
 Norma Shearer dazzles as she is transformed fr...
 Like a lot of people, I loved the original; "A...
 A complex story laid on the background of part...
 Seeing this film brought back to me memories o...
 I suppose it's nice and trendy to see wonderfu...
 This is far more than the charming story of mi...
 The true measure of any fictional piece of wor...
 Wow, i just witnessed one of the greatest poke...
 this is one of the funniest shows i have ever ...
 The movie had an interesting surprise. Somewha...
 This movie is truly one of the worst pieces of...
 We have to remember that the 50's were practic...
 Nothing will ruin a movie as much as the combi...
 I saw this movie last weekend and it is silly ...
 Must confess to having seen a few howlers in m...
 Was the script more fitting for a 30 minute si...
 Typical Troma-trash, this smutty 80's flick is...
 Wow! What a lovely, warm, rural film! The stor...
 Taken the idea out of a true diplomatic incide...
 One of the most heart-warming foreign films I'...
 David Lynch's (1999) film of John Roach / Mary...
 One Star. That's all this documentary deserves...
 Describing this film is a difficult task. On t...
 A friend of mine lent this video to me and I w...
 Mmmm, a previous summary says "if you like ali...
 This is definitely Nolan's most intimite,and t...
 I am at a distinct disadvantage here. I have n...
 To call this film a complete waste of celluloi...
 This movie was so poorly acted. What was with ...
 I got this in the DVD 10 pack CURSE OF THE DEA...
 This was not a good movie!! Why do you people ...
 By all appearances this serial could have been...
 Watched the director's cut last night...glad i...
 Never before has such a large cast of ugly peo...
 Before I watched this tv movie I did not know ...
 This film is really bad, with a script full of...
 I just managed to find a copy of "Mission Cleo...
 Being someone who lists Night of the Living De...
 Mary Pickford plays Annie Rooney--the daughter...
 The only reason that I did not give this 10 st...
 The first Matrix movie was lush with incredibl...
 *McCabe and Mrs. Miller* takes place in the tu...
 This was one of the worst Wrestlemania's I've ...
 Errol Flynn's greatest movie, not just a sport...
 This movie just arrived to Mexico and since I ...
 THHE remake was a superior movie remake in eve...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 I really do not have any clue as to why some p...
 It's complete nonsense. I've studied Nazism an...
 This was the most god awful movie I have had t...
 Caddyshack II is one of those pictures which m...
 had to see this cos it looked like a great sca...
 This movie was a complete disaster for me. The...
 "The Cure" is a very touching and poignant dra...
 Fot the most part, this movie feels like a "ma...
 For a moment, let's put aside the cultural asp...
 Academy Awarding actor Sidney Poitier of "Lili...
 When I first heard about "Down To Earth," I wa...
 Bears about as much resemblance to Dean Koontz...
 Well I have to say I had the chance to see thi...
 Most would agree that the character of Wolveri...
 This is about as stupid as it gets.<br /><br /...
 I had always wanted to see this film and the f...
 After winning a championship fight, boxer John...
 Drew Barrymore is an actress that has gone thr...
 (aka: DEMONS III)<br /><br />Made for Italian ...
 Generally it was a good movie with an ideal en...
 In efforts to make a somewhat comedic yet seri...
 Years have gone by since Don Wilson used his m...
 With the releasing of "Farligt förflutet" Swed...
 One of those, "Why was this made?" movies. The...
 Widow hires a psychopath as a handyman. Sloppy...
 In 1976 a mother named Norma Lewis (Cameron Di...
 This was Charlie Chaplin's first all-talking f...
 I saw recently saw this at the 2007 Palm Sprin...
 Classic author C.S. Lewis once wrote an essay ...
 To say Funky Forest: The First Contact is a ba...
 The Sopranos is arguably the greatest show in ...
 I read ashew's comment and thought they must h...
 Oh, man! This thing scared the heck out of me ...
 Despite its stereotypes, virtually 'no-name' c...
 This movie reeks. No money, no acting, no noth...
 I probably doubled my knowledge of Iran when I...
 I have never before voted 1 for a movie on the...
 Being a Bills fan, I originally found it annoy...
 I have a piece of advice for the people who ma...
 Heart pounding erotic drama are the words that...
 Yet another recent comedy that shows that Holl...
 I just cannot believe the low scores for this ...
 This is a movie with a wonderful concept, but ...
 If this movie should be renamed, it should be ...
 Hitchcock is a great director. Ironically I mo...
 This movie was very disappointing in that seve...
 I think the cards were stacked against Webmast...
 This movie is just plain silly. Almost every s...
 The basic idea behind "Dungeon of Harrow" isn'...
 Red Eye, a movie that id had wanted to see for...
 Yes. It takes a Norwegian to ruin and slaughte...
 I disagree 100% with the reviewer who disagree...
 Mean spirited, and down right degrading adapta...
 It was funny because the whole thing was so un...
 It takes patience to get through David Lynch's...
 Yesterday my Spanish / Catalan wife and myself...
 This is a very famous Ninja movie but it isn't...
 I watched this movie for the first time a few ...
 I am a sucker for films like this. Films that ...
 I am a college student studying a-levels and n...
 huge Ramones fan. i do like the ramones, and i...
 I rented this movie yesterday and can hardly e...
 What I enjoyed most in this film was the scene...
 MacArthur is a great movie with a great story ...
 What can I say? I ignored the reviews and went...
 A pretty transparent attempt to wring cash out...
 Even though the book wasn't strictly accurate ...
 I read all the reviews here AFTER watching thi...
 This movie attempted to make Stu Ungar's life ...
 I like movies about UFOs, which is why I recen...
 This film should have been much better than it...
 This movie is one of the funniest, saddest and...
 Anyone who had never seen anything like the fi...
 This gem captures early 80's life brilliantly....
 I like Steven Seagal but I have not a CLUE wha...
 A delight from start to finish.<br /><br />If ...
 "Pecker" proves that Waters has no intention o...
 "House Calls" is a wonderful romantic comedy t...
 After playing a nymphomaniac in WRITTEN ON THE...
 When watching A Bug's Life for the first time ...
 What can I say? Curse of Monkey Island is fant...
 Starring: Jim Carrey, Morgan Freeman, Jennifer...
 This film might have weak production values, b...
 Coming from Oz I probably shouldn't say it but...
 This is one of the most laughably bad films I'...
 I have always been a fan of Bottom, grabbing a...
 Poor Diane Arbus (whoever she was). Not only w...
 This movie was bad beyond belief. I saw it dur...
 So many bad reviewers, it made me wonder, what...
 This was the first sequel I'd seen (apart from...
 If anyone has any doubts about the talent of L...
 I viewed Linda, and it is a Top-Rate Movie! Th...
 This is just a short comment but I stumbled on...
 How strange the human mind is; this center of ...
 This is one of the movies that get better ever...
 This is a very enjoyable film with excellent a...
 Never having seen this movie, based on the ent...
 I really wanted to like this film. The second ...
 The sad thing about Frontline is that once you...
 As with most of Ben Affleck's movies, the come...
 ***SPOILER ALERT***<br /><br />I love Tim Roth...
 The only reason I give this movie an 8 out of ...
 The biggest National Lampoon hit remains "Anim...
 You believe in God or you don't. You believe i...
 My mother forced me to watch this movie with h...
 Always enjoy the great acting of Drew Barrymor...
 I actually paid to see this movie in the theat...
 I bought this movie for $5 at a used CD store,...
 "Sister Helen" is a superb documentary about a...
 The original DeMille movie was made in 1938 wi...
 As drunken millionaire playboy Arthur Bach, Du...
 This is a great movie if viewed in the proper ...
 Rea, Sutherland, DeMunn, and von Sydow (in a s...
 This is the kind of movie that my enemies cont...
 B. Kennedy tried to make a sequel by exaggerat...
 Gray can make the English language jump throug...
 I really loved this movie and have spent sever...
 We had STARZ free weekend and I switched on th...
 This is one of the most hilariously bad movies...
 I'm stunt, I must admit I never saw a movie wi...
 Nowhere near the original. It's quite accurate...
 This was a classic case of something that shou...
 maybe i identify with this film cause i live i...
 Asmali Konak has arguably become one of the be...
 Here is a fantastic concept for a film - a ser...
 You know, this movie isn't that great, but, I ...
 This film is a wonderfully simplistic work. En...
 I realize most people don't know who Solomon K...
 So I give it one star for true quality, but I'...
 A man wonders if his hunky co-worker is gay. A...
 Storyline drags. Drug smugglers a Beautiful wo...
 Garde à Vue has to be seen a number of times i...
 What I find remarkable about this terrific fil...
 . . . is just as good as the original. Very ne...
 I rented this movie, because I noticed the cov...
 I like bad movies. I like to rent bad movies w...
 Lush cinematography, beautifully written and e...
 I'm not going to lie and say I don't watch the...
 I thought it will be a Ok movie after seeing t...
 Redline is a knockoff of Fast & Furious, witho...
 well well One cant b wasting time just cause o...
 Basically a typical propaganda film for the la...
 If you merely look at the cover of this movie,...
 Chen Kaige lost his sense of tempo. I envy Eur...
 I would not compare it to Le Placard, which IM...
 Critically, people say that Antz is better. An...
 I caught this on IFC last week and I thought i...
 Surely one of the best British films ever made...
 I was looking for ATTACK on Precinct 13. There...
 Sidney Franklin's "The Good Earth" has achieve...
 I saw this not too long ago, and I must say: T...
 I saw this movie on a fluke.I was standing on ...
 Let me start by saying how much I love the TV ...
 Richard Attenborough who already given us magn...
 A refreshing interview with the legendary Ital...
 While it's not "perfect", it's close. Love Bar...
 Why did they not follow the book ... I am real...
 After a series of power-outages on a remote is...
 you will likely be sorely disappointed by this...
 As I type these comments I'm watching a DVD of...
 Initially, I would have thought that Secret Su...
 These are excerpts from a nine-page "Memo to M...
 Just to correct something in a previous review...
 As I looked at this movie once again, I think ...
 "How She Moves" springs to life only when its ...
 A friend of mine bought this film for £1, and ...
 My 5 year old daughter is very into the Barbie...
 What a mess--and I'm not referring to the "des...
 Do these guys take have a computer kick out th...
 The first season of Bones is playing in Finlan...
 I had never heard of this film till it popped ...
 being a NI supporter, it's hard to objectively...
 My husband is a huge Robin Williams fan. I lik...
 Tales from the Crypt: And All Through the Hous...
 Firstly, I have heard great things about this ...
 Let's see how many ways you can insult my gend...
 Sometimes you wonder how some people get fundi...
 "Red Sonja" is flawed, weak and lacking. Even ...
 If you have seen Dogtown and Z-Boys or have an...
 I saw this in the early 70s (when I was 16), a...
 I'm not a movie snob. I've liked lots of movie...
 This outstanding film has about the best actin...
 I am being in no way facetious when I say that...
 This movie is nothing but a religious tract pr...
 This is one of my favorite series, all categor...
 They Made Me a Criminal is a remake of an earl...
 Fragile Carne, just before his great period. A...
 I have a 5 minute rule (sometimes I'll leave l...
 I saw this film at a pre-release screening at ...
 Tromaville High has become an amoral wasteland...
 Don't you ever miss the good old days when Dis...
 As a guy who has seen all the seasons, I can s...
 A movie made for contemporary audience. The ma...
 With the little respect it deserves, I would l...
 Who would've imagined -- Hal Hartley creates a...
 When I saw the previews for this movie, I didn...
 Generally I like horror movies, but unfortunat...
 This video is a fantastic testament and insigh...
 In 1972, after his wife left to go her own way...
 It really is a shame that films like this neve...
 A truly frightening film. Feels as if it were ...
 The Fiendish Plot of Dr. Fu Manchu (1980). Thi...
 I watched this movie three times at different ...
 This inept adaptation of arguably one of Marti...
 Man, is this lousy. It doesn't deserve much in...
 It hurt to watch this movie, it really did... ...
 The stark, cold landscape of Big Sky Country, ...
 I'm not aware of "Largo Winch" as a comic book...
 Occasionally funny but generally boring. I did...
 An Italian/American co-production co-starring ...
 The Broadway musical, "A Chorus Line" is argua...
 Request you to not watch this movie... It star...
 This film is just plain lovely. It's funny as ...
 By the time this movie came out in 1996, direc...
 This is a rip-off of already crappy hollywood ...
 This is strictly a review of the pilot episode...
 Hal Hartley entry into a European film series ...
 This movie coming from Turkey where you can't ...
 SPOILERS<br /><br />In the words of Jean-Paul ...
 SPOILER ALERT! Don't read on unless you're pre...
 The Howling II starts as it means to go on wit...
 One of the best,Lackawanna Blues<br /><br />Gr...
 I watched Free Money last night & it was the l...
 This is one of the best films made about the 8...
 I think this is one of the weakest of the Kenn...
 This was it! i would have never expected the e...
 A huge cast gathered for this remake which sad...
 The sequel to the ever popular Cinderella stor...
 If only he hadn't bowed to cliché, Mr Shiban c...
 One of Boris Karloff's real clinkers. Essentia...
 If you want to see a brilliant performance of ...
 I must, in light of the encomia of praise for ...
 Most of the episodes on Season 1 are awful..Th...
 Not for people without swift mind or without a...
 Since September of last year, I have been borr...
 It was difficult to sit through this horrible ...
 You know those movies that are so unspeakably ...
 OK, about 11 years ago the awesome, funny movi...
 the only value in this movie is basically to l...
 The first users comments are very detailed for...
 Finally got to see this classic TV movie on an...
 Obviously influenced by the success of Pal's "...
 This is quite possibly the worst Christmas fil...
 'Toy Soldiers' is the story of five misfits bo...
 From all of the Vietnam war movies this is pro...
 What an awful movie. I love monster flicks but...
 Saw this film yesterday for the first time and...
 In my humble opinion, this version of the grea...
 Jean Paget, Joe Harman, and Noel Strachan--all...
 As others have mentioned, this movie is simila...
 When I was in school I made a film about a cou...
 ********SPOILER ALERT************** Wasted 85 ...
 What an amazingly funny and original show. The...
 I'd completely forgotten about this film until...
 I saw this movie in part because of some posit...
 6 out of the 8 comments on this subject rated ...
 I didn't care much for this, it seemed too con...
 i hate vampire movies. with that said, this on...
 God, I was bored out of my head as I watched t...
 I did no research on the film prior to my firs...
 It's all there: Two classic anti-hero buddies,...
 Unfortunately the movie is more concerned with...
 This movie had a good story, but was brought d...
 I suppose many people comment/review their fir...
 David Suchet is Agatha Christie's mustached de...
 The latest Rumor going around is that Vh1 is s...
 Saw it as critic at the 49. Internationales Fi...
 Honestly I am not even joking when I say that ...
 I was very disappointed when this show was can...
 I always thought people were a little too cyni...
 I recently watched this, but when it started I...
 I have seen this movie twice now on cable. The...
 I don't like "grade inflation" but I just had ...
 "Bride of Chucky" is one of the better horror ...
 I first saw this movie in a theater in France ...
 Mark Walhberg in a great role, idolises a rock...
 As a CA resident, I'd like to see the jackhole...
 Written and acted by sincere amateurs, produce...
 This movie is not what it appears to be. Clint...
 All of the people reviewing this film, and pro...
 Pretty pictures with a cool sound track do not...
 The first half of the movie is not that bad ac...
 I enjoyed the first reviewer's comment far mor...
 "Nobi" or "Fires On the Plain" is a film that ...
 The emergence of Quentin Tarantino and his dub...
 I have a feeling that Dr. Dolittle was intende...
 Recently when i was shopping, i saw the box-se...
 Not many reviews, hence thought i would add on...
 Although I had previously watched this one som...
 I suppose all the inside jokes is what made Mu...
 I went into this film really wanting to like i...
 Opening with some blatantly reused footage fro...
 When Gundam0079 became the movie trilogy most ...
 Princess Warrior is a science fiction action m...
 I am a massive fan of the book and Orwell is c...
 i watched it because my friend said we could t...
 Tyra Banks needs to teach these girls that it'...
 Wow, could have been such a good movie,Starts ...
 I once caught about a 20 minute portion of thi...
 I don't want to go too far into detail, becaus...
 This straight to video cheap flick is based on...
 This film is a very good movie.The way how the...
 This movie was for a while in my collection, b...
 It's Bad for Ya really showcases more of Georg...
 What a time we live in when someone like this ...
 This movie deserves credit for its original ap...
 I understand "Checking Out" will likely be rel...
 This movie was nothing like the book. <br /><b...
 Every movie critic and metal head hated this m...
 So, Fox pulled the plug midway through a drama...
 The Williams family live on a ranch located in...
 There is a remark that one of heroines was rap...
 I'll keep this fast and sweet. Five girls on t...
 I just watched this movie in high definition o...
 I was looking forward to this movie as everyon...
 this movie begins with an ordinary funeral... ...
 I have watched THE ROOT OF ALL EVIL with the a...
 Firstly, I really enjoyed this movie and its m...
 Warped take on the Pinocchio theme, and set du...
 This was a very faithful presentation of Lewis...
 I went to see this film at the cinemas and i w...
 Tamara Anderson and her family are moving once...
 Most yeti pictures are fatally undermined by a...
 this is a great movie. I love the series on tv...
 This is one of the few movies - maybe the only...
 All this dismaying waste of film stock needs i...
 Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful den...
 Gary Busey's best performance in a nicely-flow...
 I was supremely disappointed with this one. Ha...
 My husband and I went to see this movie, being...
 Those prophetic words were spoken by William H...
 A movie visually graceful but interesting is m...
 "May Contain Spoilers*<br /><br />"All Dogs Go...
 Ok, so it may not be the award-winning "movie ...
 I don't know about the English version of this...
 I guess they reward idiocy today because whoev...
 This work is pretty atmospheric, with a couple...
 I've watched this documentary twice - and alth...
 This movie made me think....of how I could wri...
 Visually stunning? Most definitely. I have see...
 A touching love story reminiscent of In the M...
 I'm not sure what dragged me into the cinema t...
 Don't bother to check for logic. There is none...
 Someone else called this film a "fable-horror"...
 Penelope Spheeris (of "Wayne's World" fame) ma...
 "While traveling in the mountains, a man is at...
 Sunday would not be Sunday without an action m...
 About 15 minutes in, my wife was already wanti...
 This was a very good film. I didn't go into it...
 Riotously cheesy lunacy about lava spewing fro...
 I was actually planning to see this movie when...
 Michael Jackson is amazing. This short film di...
 Man this movie is awesome especially the part ...
 "The Falcon and the Snowman" is the story of t...
 I've been looking for the name of this film fo...
 Jack Black and Kyle Gass team together to prom...
 Kubrick may have been the greatest director of...
 Do not waste your money or time. Terrible movi...
 Woof! Pretty boring, and they might as well ha...
 Don't mind what this socially retarded person ...
 Isn't anyone else tired of that old cliché' wh...
 Mark Blankfield played Jekyll and Hyde.<br /><...
 Bruce Lee was a great martial artist, but this...
 I went through the highs. I went through the l...
 he was my hero for all time until he went alon...
 An amazing film, I've only just seen it and I ...
 This movie is awesome. If you take it too seri...
 Words cannot describe how horrible this movie ...
 "Dungeon of Harrow" had a lot of things that c...
 You would really need to remember the Monkees ...
 This could have been a really good movie if so...
 Demer Daves,is a wonderful director when it co...
 Cunningly interesting Western from a director ...
 The "movie aimed at adults" is a rare thing th...
 Lone Star Productions sure churned them out in...
 Interferencia starts as unemployed Martin Sand...
 I can barely find the words to describe how mu...
 .....whoops - looks like it's gonna cost you a...
 The filmmaker inhaled Andy Goldsworthy's art, ...
 What a disappointment! I hated the mummy but t...
 Jack Webb finally gives something besides his ...
 I've been waiting 30 years to see this film. I...
 Gods...where to start. I was only able to stom...
 I had the privilege of seeing this powerful pl...
 I have to admit that Over Her Dead Body actual...
 Noni Hazlehurst's tour-de-force performance (w...
 Ignoring (if possible) the tediously gratuitou...
 I actually flipped to Lifetime channel by mist...
 If you've never experienced the thing that is ...
 I have to say as being a fan of the man who cr...
 The Wind. Easily one of the worst films ever m...
 In all honesty, if someone told me the directo...
 I read the other comments here about this movi...
 But how can you stand to mange a baseball team...
 Another well done moral ambiguity pieces where...
 You know all those letters to "Father Christma...
 Anyone familiar with my reviews on the Interne...
 ...dislike this movie and everyone would under...
 William Shakespeare's Merchant of Venice portr...
 Why did they have to waste money on this crap?...
 For several reasons, this movie is simply awfu...
 I think everyone was quite disappointed with t...
 Great Movie! The sound track is awesome! Very ...
 Who says zombies can't be converted into usefu...
 I have seen a lot of Saura films and always fo...
 Film follows a bunch of students in the NYC Hi...
 Midnight Cowboy is not for everybody. It's raw...
 This Movie Is Not A Horror Movie. There Is Not...
 Susan Sarandon. She made this movie for me. I'...
 don't buy this film for comedy value like I di...
 Lily Mars, a smalltown girl living in Indiana,...
 Let me just say - I love the horror genre to t...
 'Nemesis' was the last book to feature Miss Ma...
 An excellent interpretation of Jim Thompson's ...
 When something can be anything you want it to ...
 "Paranormal State" is an interesting show for ...
 I turn on 700 Club once in awhile and only agr...
 This movie is very hilarious, and it has a gre...
 Cybrog 2:Glass Shadow stars Elias Koteas as Co...
 Rohmer returns to his historical dramas in the...
 Life was going great for New York City adverti...
 Great story, great music. A heartwarming love ...
 I liked it... just that... i liked it, not lik...
 Eric Roberts "stars" in this Tommy Lee Thomas ...
 Harman and Isings 'Old Mill Pond' is a true ma...
 Fame did something odd. It was not only a musi...
 Flat, soulless computer images on less than as...
 'Opera' (1987) <br /><br />Director: Dario Arg...
 Quite possibly the worst movie I've ever seen;...
 Just as Ted Kramer (Dustin Hoffman) is about t...
 The final part of Kieslowski's trilogy based o...
 Bah. Another tired, desultory reworking of an ...
 I Am Curious is really two films in one - half...
 Gillian Anderson is an arrogant, driven, caree...
 Can u believe a college professor made this fi...
 Obviously written for the stage. Lightweight b...
 Hello. this is my first review for any movie i...
 Spoilers. This review has been edited due to w...
 Dark Harvest is about a group of friends that ...
 Tiny Toons:how i spent my vacation, has always...
 Okay I marked this spoiler so don't be upset w...
 I don't cry easily over movies, but I have to ...
 Yes, it's true that it was Jessica Alba who le...
 Carnosaur 3: Primal Species (1996) D: Jonathan...
 As I have said before in previous comments, so...
 Okay, so the first few seasons took a while to...
 This is an exceptional film. It is part comedy...
 If at least the cruelty and drawn out deaths h...
 For a comedic writer, Woody Allen really lets ...
 Anytime I'm not giving 150% to my dreams or my...
 Now I like Victor Herbert. And I like Mary Mar...
 I can see what this film was intending to do. ...
 >>>>Author: msgreen-1 from Canada >>>>The big ...
 Hunky Geordie Robson Green is Owen Springer, a...
 Crossfire (1947)<br /><br />Great Message, Gre...
 Beware My Lovely originated from a play writte...
 I just purchased this movie because I love to ...
 Functioning as a sort of midpoint between "Wai...
 This is a quirky movie that the Brits do so we...
 I thought the this film had an interesting nam...
 Assault on Precinct 13 is the absolute dumbest...
 Here's an indie film I really wanted to like, ...
 Fun story of a regular guy with big dreams, th...
 Just in case the title didn't give it away - t...
 This film was bad. I believe Elton (or is it M...
 The fact that most of the budget for this pres...
 I've always enjoyed Frank Sinatra's music, and...
 1.) This movie was amazing! I watched it while...
 Seriously... I'm amazed at all the good feedba...
 Getting lost in space frozen for 15 years, tha...
 Opening credits: great. Music: just right for ...
 This time, the lovable dimwit gets summoned fo...
 Having just come home from my third viewing of...
 Rock 'n' Roll High School was one of the best ...
 [No Spoilers]<br /><br />Being a David Lynch f...
 In her first nonaquatic role, Esther Williams ...
 Early Coppola with sublime cast that most folk...
 ....OK, small-town, clueless sheriff? Check. S...
 This film is awful. The screenplay is bad, the...
 Your idol will deceive you in this movie. Step...
 Vampire cyborgs rule the world and use the blo...
 admittedly, I first picked up Ranma 1/2 when I...
 In the mid-1970s, my NYC apt. building was fin...
 Going down as the most expensive film in Finni...
 To be brutally honest... I LOVED watching Seve...
 This movie has one of the worst lead character...
 I'll start blasting the movie first. Remove Ab...
 In my opinion, this is the best stand-up show ...
 This movie is a little ray of sunshine in a da...
 The great Vincent Price has done many fantasti...
 I have always like this great baseball movie! ...
 The greatest effort plus the finest cast ever ...
 Shocking!<br /><br />In 1965 I saw Jury Gagari...
 It's sort of crazy, but I taped from TCM both,...
 Linda Lovelace was the victim of a sadistic wo...
 This installment very much makes the CIA look ...
 Having grown up on westerns and considering th...
 Steamboat Willy was not the first cartoon to f...
 This movie shows a row of sketches, which part...
 i must say that this movie had a great cast, l...
 I anticipated this movie to be decent and poss...
 Any Way the Wind Blows is Tom Barmans (who is ...
 Well what can I say, there are B-Grade Movies ...
 What a wonderful movie, eligible for so many l...
 ...un-funny and un-entertaining, possibly the ...
 Possible Spoiler alert, though there's not muc...
 Piranha starts out as expected, stupid white p...
 speaking solely as a movie, i didn't really li...
 If you're a kid liking fairy tale "real life" ...
 The fourth of five westerns Anthony Mann did w...
 This movie should have come with a disclaimer ...
 This movie feels so EMPTY. IN every scene in t...
 I'm not sure if the filmmakers were after a Sa...
 If you're OK with the outlandish work of Italy...
 Christopher Nolan's directorial debut is a mem...
 I've read every adventure of Asterix and Obeli...
 Make the World go away. Get it off my shoulder...
 I don't know what I missed here, but I can't b...
 This *should* have been an amazingly funny mov...
 I just watched Antwone Fisher on BRAVO. What a...
 This movie is definitely on the list of my top...
 Paha maa is different Finnish film. But the th...
 Ira Levin's Deathtrap is one of those mystery ...
 A klutzy young man returns West after being sc...
 Yep, this has got to be one of the lamest movi...
 I couldn't bear to sit through he entire movie...
 044: The Big Trail (1930) - released 10/24/193...
 It's hard to believe, after waiting 14 years, ...
 I'm 47 years old and I've spent as much of my ...
 I just have to add, in case anyone actually re...
 Cronica de un desayuno combines the worst defe...
 Since it has been some years since I reviewed ...
 While babysitting at an isolated Colorado hous...
 Through its 2-hour running length, Crash chart...
 One of the most timely and engrossing document...
 ( HR is what Himesh is called in the movie, I ...
 What's with all the negative comments? After h...
 I blame "Birth of a Nation" myself - for comme...
 We saw La Spettatrice last night @ the Chicago...
 I was really looking forward to watching this ...
 STAR RATING: ***** The Works **** Just Misses ...
 This film (along with Rinne) are minor gems am...
 I ran across this movie on the tv and could no...
 The Squire of Gothos is one of the "sillier" e...
 First: I bought it at the video store. Second:...
 I loved that the mood was light and airy. I lo...
 Early in the movie, Cagney's Johnny Cave chara...
 This serial is interesting to watch as an MST3...
 Plague replaces femme fatale in this highly su...
 For many years Ed Wood's Classic 'Plan 9' has ...
 This is a great installment in the Child's Pla...
 This is the worst of the toxie series by far. ...
 I finally snagged a copy of Kannathil Muthamit...
 I saw this at a test screening in Chatsworth a...
 ***Possible spoilers***<br /><br />I've read u...
 This movie was sooo bad. It wasn't even funny ...
 I accidently felt on this movie on TV, and I w...
 Aaron Carter plays the pop star(J.D. McQueen) ...
 In an attempt to bring back the teen slasher g...
 The only show I have watched since 90210! Why ...
 Sur mes lèvres or READ MY LIPS is fine little ...
 WOW! <br /><br />This film is the best living ...
 This was one of the first CREEPY movies I ever...
 Dekalog Five was an interesting viewing experi...
 The questions and answers of the human spirit ...
 'It's supposed to have got good reviews' says ...
 this show is just plain awful. I liked to watc...
 Possibly the most brilliant thing about Che: P...
 The great and underrated Marion Davies shows h...
 I just did not enjoy this film. But then I lov...
 In Paris, a few months before the Nazi invasio...
 This movie is never going to be on a list of t...
 This movie has beautiful scenery. Unfortunatel...
 My giving this film a score of 8 is relative t...
 I have probably watched the movie 4 or 5 times...
 I don't know why people except a lot from low ...
 Man With the Gun is pretty much forgotten now,...
 I used to watch this show when I was a little ...
 Where do I begin? Let me say that -- after hav...
 I wanted to give Drawing Blood the benefit of ...
 I used to be an avid viewer until I personally...
 Well, if it weren't for Ethel Waters and a 7-y...
 "Boom" has garnered itself a something of a re...
 I watched the pilot episode for this one with ...
 I recently got the movie and all I can say it ...
 What a gem of a movie, so good that they made ...
 Best Years of Our Lives perfectly captures the...
 Man, some of you people have got to chill. Thi...
 Like a Circle around the human condition, 2001...
 Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) a...
 A "sleeper". I had never even heard of this mo...
 Greetings again from the darkness. Remember al...
 I didn't really HATE Mirrormask. I just really...
 An off beat but very delightful performance by...
 The Menagerie parts one and two was the only 2...
 The French people are not known to be great mo...
 Intense, funny, witty, and more than anything,...
 This is a pretty OK film... yes some parts are...
 I saw this director's "Woman On The Beach" and...
 Bad, bad movie. When I saw the synopsis I was ...
 My friend took me to a screening of this movie...
 As other reviews have stated, there are a few ...
 I thought this was very "different" compared t...
 What's with Indonesian musical movies? Never h...
 I love this movie, though I don't like how the...
 "Markham," says urbane gentleman crime-solver ...
 Now, I've seen a lot of bad movies. I like bad...
 I looked over the other comments and was thoro...
 While many unfortunately passed on, the ballro...
 This is the best of the films (so far) that Ch...
 I have fond memories of watching this visually...
 Though it's better than most made-for-TV movie...
 It has been since 1972 that I saw this movie a...
 The story and the characters really REALLY nee...
 :::SPOILER ALERT:::<br /><br />Soooo, Arnie's ...
 O boy, was this really bad.<br /><br />I saw t...
 "So there's this bride, you see, and she gets ...
 OK, so the following review is more of a synop...
 As a young lass, beautiful Joan Woodbury (as R...
 I was expecting a lot from this movie, and I c...
 This movie has good intentions, at least in th...
 I gave 1 to this film. I can't understand how ...
 Hitting the ground running, the film begins wi...
 Seriously, there is absolutely NOTHING good ab...
 The film is not for everyone. Some might think...
 When I think about this movie, all the adjecti...
 This is an excellent film, but Momento (Nolan'...
 As I was watching this film on video last nigh...
 One of the most beautiful movies ever made in ...
 Reportedy based on actual historical events, t...
 I figured the whole joke of the movie would be...
 It was almost worth sitting through this entir...
 This film concerns purportedly non-establishme...
 Such a shame that this wonderful bright spot o...
 It could have been better had it been directed...
 This movie is great, the music "with the excep...
 With the exception of about 10 sublime minutes...
 I am glad other people enjoyed this movie, cau...
 WEll first and for most I'd just like to say t...
 I discovered "The Patriot" in a DVD-store and ...
 I would have to say that in general Barbie Mov...
 Darr was a Super Hit film, which was loved by ...
 If you're not in the mood for more than an hou...
 For a feature film, the plot closely follows h...
 Retro Puppet Master starts in Kolewige during ...
 I haven't seen much German comedy, but if this...
 Ok, let's get this out of the way first: As a ...
 This is one of the two postapocalyptic fantasy...
 In the Fiji islands, the greedy and unscrupulo...
 My friend and I rented this movie for 3.99 at ...
 Robert Siodmak does a fabulous job with this B...
 I would have rated this film a minus 10 but sa...
 When I first saw the previews for this movie o...
 I can remember a college professor commenting ...
 SPOILERS<br /><br />Tom and Jerry is a classic...
 I can not believe I wasted my money to rent th...
 I believe I share the same psychological outlo...
 Parasomnia has an interesting premises, but th...
 Sean Bean is great, as are the photography, lo...
 I don't know why some guys from US, Georgia or...
 Being a seasoned fan of Italian thrillers and ...
 Leave it to Paul "sex on the brain" Verhoeven ...
 Another British cinema flag waver. Real garbag...
 I had high hopes for this film. I thought the ...
 This is a movie that deserves another look--if...
 As with all of Angelopoulos' films, "The Suspe...
 I suppose it was for Temple Matthews who writt...
 Iron Eagle may not be the most believable film...
 This is the sorriest collection of clichés, st...
 If you've ever seen Open Water , this is the s...
 How can a movie with Amy, Posey and Raechel ha...
 I LOVE this movie. Director Michael Powell onc...
 24 has got to be the best spy/adventure series...
 I saw this film because Calexico did the score...
 Who ARE the people that star in this thing? Ne...
 A hilarious and insightful perspective of the ...
 This is the story of a maniac cop who, for som...
 This movie is just bad. Bad. Bad. Bad. Now tha...
 Orson Welles' 1974 documentary "F for Fake" ex...
 <br /><br />Ok the film wasn't going to win an...
 Yet another Lo Wei production to completely wa...
 This could be the most underrated movie of its...
 Why were there so many people crowding into an...
 Ladies and gentlemen, we've really got ourselv...
 ALMOST GOLDEN: THE JESSICA SAVITCH STORY<br />...
 Definitely, definitely the worst film I've eve...
 I was staying in one night and got extremely b...
 Telly Savalas hams it up as the Mexican revolu...
 Not one of your harder-hitting stories, and th...
 The films of UPA are surprisingly well rated o...
 I've always enjoyed animated ducks for some re...
 Val Kilmer and Dylan McDermott are terrific. I...
 This film was a wonderful romp, intelligent, p...
 Out of the many films I've seen, Tommy Boy is ...
 Yawn, that is my reaction to this film. I was ...
 For a movie that was the most seen in its nati...
 This movie is like the material S.E. Hinton wa...
 For the first fifteen minutes the story of NAK...
 The script for this movie was probably found i...
 It is not an easy film to watch - it is over t...
 Well, it definitely is unlike anything else di...
 A sparkling movie. BB is a marvel. She's sultr...
 What a shame that Alan Clarke has to be associ...
 Elizabeth Taylor never could act at all and sh...
 Let's hope this is the final nightmare. This i...
 AAA is my favorite movie... I have seen it a n...
 I saw this movie last night after waiting ages...
 Man, is it great just to see Young and The Res...
 On Sunday July 27, 1997, the first episode of ...
 I was in the film too, but i don't know if the...
 This movie is a fascinating drama about the Ma...
 "The 40 Year Old Virgin" exists in a world I d...
 There is absolutely no doubt that this version...
 Even with the low standards of a dedicated hor...
 One of the other commenters mentioned that the...
 1st watched 10/10/2009 - 8 out of 10 (Dir - Bi...
 Alex D. Linz replaces Macaulay Culkin as the c...
 they should make terrorists watch this video a...
 Cheesy script, cheesy one-liners. Timothy Hutt...
 I thought "The River of Souls" was a very good...
 The plot is somewhat original, and all the act...
 This is just one of those films which cannot j...
 The film Soultaker is essentially an older for...
 It might be that the film I saw was entirely d...
 This story of Ted Brice, an American pilot who...
 Get this film if at all possible. You will fin...
 I do not know who is to blame, Miss Leigh or h...
 Did someone find the plot somewhere in the fil...
 It seems everyone wants to jump on the bandwag...
 Brilliant work. Marvelous actors dissolve as b...
 Just got this in the mail and I was positively...
 This mini series, also based on a book by Alex...
 John and his wife Emily, accompanied by their ...
 Luise Rainer received an Oscar for her perform...
 The Legend of Bloody Jack is set in the Alaska...
 I have yesterday seen the second part. And I m...
 This movie should have easily qualified as a f...
 Brazilian films often get more positive apprai...
 Jane Eyre with full frontal nudity! I was not ...
 Lorne Michaels once again proves that he has a...
 I just can't agree with the above comment - th...
 <br /><br />I thought that this movie lacked t...
 I say Ben Johnson and my fellow Canadians say,...
 I consider myself a big fan of low budget horr...
 Ouch. This is one ugly movie. Not only is it b...
 Right, where do I start? I cannot even imagine...
 After Life is a Miracle, I did not expect much...
 I love dogs, and the most interesting characte...
 This is by far the funniest sitcom that has ev...
 The first time i saw this movie was on a fligh...
 I watched the first episode of "The War at Hom...
 Another good Stooge short!Christine McIntyre i...
 An unassuming, subtle and lean film, "The Man ...
 Great voices, lots of adventure and clever dia...
 Alex North (John Cassavetes) has problems in r...
 Any movie with "National Lampoon" in the title...
 The movie is bad. Nothing special - just a "ki...
 The Wooden Horse was one of the first "great" ...
 A couple move into their dream home, unaware t...
 <br /><br />What more can you ask for? A great...
 There are so many holes in the plot, it makes ...
 i went to see this because i have some friends...
 Obviously with this film going straight to DVD...
 This movie is basically about some girls in a ...
 I was expecting a documentary that focused on ...
 This is not the true story. It is the darkest ...
 John Leguizamo must have been insane if he thi...
 First, I am not really a fan of the whole "thi...
 If Jean Renoir's first film "Whirlpool of Fate...
 Okay, so I forgot to watch and only caught the...
 "Insignificance" is a far from great film, fro...
 In a time of magic, barbarians and demons abou...
 The narrative affirms the classic image of goo...
 This movie is one of my all time favorite movi...
 I believe a lot of people down rated the movie...
 Japan is in serious trouble. Demons have infes...
 **SPOILERS** The killer in the movie doesn't w...
 I think i watched this movie, but don't quote ...
 I have never read the book"A wrinkle in time"....
 I truly hate musicals because music numbers ju...
 The fourth "Tremors" feature goes back in time...
 It's a real challenge to make a movie about a ...
 I saw this film for the first time last night....
 Space is a vacuum, right? Therefore, space suc...
 Holy freaking God all-freaking-mighty. This mo...
 What is the story what is it on the screen. At...
 Okay, so the plot is on shaky ground. Yeah, al...
 This movie was so frustrating to watch. The sp...
 It's true that Danny Steinmann's "The Unseen" ...
 Dressed to Kill (1980) is a mystery horror fil...
 What a show! Lorenzo Lamas once again proves h...
 First, let me start by saying that I am a Laur...
 ******Spoilers within******* What a dull, pred...
 Let's get one thing straight: I like much of S...
 This is one of the worst movie I have ever see...
 David Mamet wrote the screenplay and made his ...
 Radio will have you laughing, crying, feeling....
 Alleged "scream queen" Debbie Rochon and her g...
 We should have been suspicious to discover tha...
 with all the European studios involved in this...
 I caught this on Cinemax very late at night......
 Sadly, this movie is not very good. But does i...
 This is one of those movies which makes you th...
 Say what you want about Andy Milligan - but if...
 I came out of "Dark Blue World" feeling (sigh)...
 Terrible film with Frank Sinatra as Tony Rome....
 Prior to this film, I had only seen two films ...
 No pun intended. I'm not going to spoil anythi...
 No matter how you feel about Michael Jackson h...
 <br /><br />I'm sure things didn't exactly go ...
 A missed train. A wrong phone number. An extra...
 Everything you do in this world should make at...
 A patient escapes from a mental hospital, kill...
 Wow what can I say it was a good movie, very d...
 I don't like boxing, don't understand the attr...
 Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis) meets a mystery ...
 Dumb, meaningless movie should appeal to South...
 I've waited to see this movie for a long time ...
 I don't think it's necessary to outline the pl...
 As a producer of indie movies and a harsh crit...
 This film is a third rate attempt at a compell...
 I'm 14 years old and I love this cartoon. Burt...
 I disliked this movie for numerous reasons. Wi...
 I recently picked up all three Robocop films i...
 I've tried to like this film, really. In watch...
 I am a lover of B movies, give me a geneticall...
 GINGKO BED is a strange movie. It's very convo...
 People seem to be expecting Citizen Kane here!...
 In WWII, America has developed a brand-new HUG...
 Three children are born at the exact same time...
 Whoever said that horror wasn't an educational...
 I'm slowly ploughing through as many Hong Kong...
 Thought at first this film would be your typic...
 Under the assured direction of F. Gary Gray, "...
 I don't really know where to start. The acting...
 Right, then, he's absolutely brilliant. But yo...
 The first thing you meet when you study fascis...
 I can see why this film was Oscar-nominated fo...
 If I could give it a zero, I'd change my mind ...
 Too bad, I really like Kristen Cloke and Gary ...
 michael jackson is the greatest singer and the...
 I'm an admirer of Hal Hartley's films, especia...
 This was like watching the trailer of a up and...
 This Oscar-winning short film (40 minutes), ba...
 Saw this movie at the Vancouver Film Festival ...
 Well.......in contrast to other comments previ...
 i was 9 when i first saw this on TV. on a Frid...
 Well, they sent it on TV between midnight and ...
 This film is all right, fairly silly and to be...
 As a local performer, I thought that "Grease" ...
 Barbara Stanwyck is a sheer delight in this wa...
 A stale "misfits-in-the-army" saga, which half...
 I highly recommend this film. Set in the Blade...
 A terrible deception: controversial film, winn...
 Astaire and Rogers at the height of their popu...
 The intertwined points-of-view can come up as ...
 This isn't exactly a great film, but I admire ...
 As a fan of looking further into the phenomeno...
 **WARNING** MISERABLE MOVIE **WARNING** The da...
 Down Periscope is not a "Great Movie". But the...
 Although The Notorious Bettie Page is well act...
 First and foremost I wish to aim a big & mean ...
 I saw this on a Cantonese VCD with the English...
 This is the single worst movie I have ever see...
 The trailers for this movie promised and this ...
 A very watchable film, and one which was eager...
 This is 1 hour and 24 minutes of pure boredom!...
 This is a gem of a film, Slapstick violence a-...
 This movie is recommended only for insomniacs:...
 I saw this movie last night on HBO & didn't ex...
 As the film begins a narrator warns us THE SCR...
 Sometime ago I watched a video of Paul Thomas ...
 Man's Castle is a wonderful example of a Pre-C...
 I did watch all of the film through to the dis...
 Before he became defined as Nick Charles in th...
 For me, this is another one of those films tha...
 The '80's were not very kind to one-time major...
 *POSSIBLE SPOILERS*<br /><br />I thought Pitch...
 The subject matter seems pretty dated today. A...
 Bo is Jane Parker, whose long-lost anthropolog...
 I was waiting to see this movie from a long ti...
 I sort of liked this Columbo movie its atmosph...
 Yet another remake of "Fistful of Dollars", Se...
 Don't get me wrong: I enjoy art-house movies, ...
 This film has some of the greatest comedic dia...
 Here Italy (I write from Venice). Why cancelat...
 I absolutely LOVED this film! I do not at all ...
 This movie turned out to be better than I had ...
 Well, what can be said about a "horror comedy"...
 John Candy's Performance in Once Upon A Crime ...
 Despite the acclaim on the DVD cover of the ve...
 This movie has an outstanding acting, by Maril...
 It is incredible in that it succeeds in being ...
 I'm sick of the "open mind" argument. I'm gene...
 Why oh why can't anyone make a decent film out...
 "Tulip" is on the "Australian All Shorts" vide...
 I was a guest at the Sept. 30th screening of E...
 It was on a day in 1891 when Scottish inventor...
 The film starts well enough. It is a truly ter...
 And I really mean that. I caught it last night...
 I enjoyed this movie so much that I watched it...
 One of the last surviving horror screen greats...
 Un-bleeping-believable! Meg Ryan doesn't even ...
 This late 50s French study of disaffected yout...
 A man comes to the office of the psychiatric D...
 I purchased this video quite cheaply ex-rental...
 This movie purports to be a character study of...
 I rented this movie because I am a huge Dudiko...
 I got this DVD from a friend, who got it from ...
 I missed almost all of the first season, but w...
 There will be a time where kids will have grow...
 Because 'cruel' would be the only word in exis...
 World At War is perhaps the greatest documenta...
 First one was much better, I had enjoyed it a ...
 I remember watching this series avidly and bei...
 12/17/01 All I can do with this film is improv...
 For a long time I did not know weather I liked...
 This series has recently been unearthed and ex...
 *** REVIEW MAY CONTAIN SOME SPOILERS *** I'll ...
 While movie titles contains the word 'Mother',...
 Completely ridiculous "period" film is only a ...
 This is apparently the first film featuring Gl...
 I have been waiting to see this film for ages ...
 The premise of Cabin Fever starts like it MIGH...
 A sad, sad sight indeed is The Munster's Reven...
 Loved the original story, had very high expect...
 GOLD RAIDERS (1951)<br /><br />A dull western/...
 FREDDY has gone from scary to funny,in this 6t...
 A really funny British comedy from the mid 195...
 A young theater actress reluctantly accepts he...
 It's not funny, it's not interesting, it's not...
 This is one of the worst movies I have seen re...
 I thought this movie was terrible. I'm Chinese...
 Ziab la ta'kol al lahem is an awful movie.This...
 This has to be one of the worst films I have e...
 If you Listen to Ween (The Pod, God/Satan), th...
 This is about the worst movie I have ever seen...
 I tracked the trip two years ago on the intern...
 The progression of the plot is enough to "rope...
 BOOOOOOOORRRRRINNGGGGGGGG and STOOOOOOOPIDDDDD...
 There is nothing original,humane or insightful...
 "Shore Leave" is mostly an average Star Trek a...
 This movie is so mild! I tried not to expect a...
 This is truly one of the most awful movies of ...
 Largely forgettable monster film from the 50s ...
 Unless you understand wretched excess this mov...
 I remember watching this for the first time in...
 This one features all the (bad) effect of Prio...
 A couple of men are ship-wrecked on a remote i...
 When Pinky, a qualified electrician, is releas...
 ...thankfully he hasn't, yet! This is crude, s...
 There were heist movies before this one, and i...
 Macy, Ullman and Sutherland were as great as u...
 THE BLOB is a great horror movie, not merely b...
 Can anybody do good CGI films besides Pixar? I...
 Gundam Wing to me happens to be a good anime. ...
 There are many reasons I'm not a fan of fact b...
 I can't remember many films where a bumbling i...
 I would probably say this was on a par with fi...
 Yes, the movie was that boring and insipid. af...
 It was definitely worth viewing, I don't regre...
 One of the requirements of science fiction, at...
 Why does C Thomas Howell do these movies? Crui...
 Having been familiar with Hartley's "The Go-Be...
 When I read the reviews of Kahin Pyaar Na Ho J...
 A few years ago I saw The Scent of Green Papay...
 I loved this movie. To be very fair, the movie...
 i first saw this short when i bought a random ...
 Amelia and Michael are a married couple that a...
 Who really wants to see that? Disgusting viole...
 It's nothing more than a weird coincidence tha...
 I have only seen Gretchen Mol in two other fil...
 I liked the movie a real lot. Wanted to see it...
 Times are tough for Angel Town, gangs rule wit...
 I understand this movie was made on a very low...
 This movie is really goofy! I saw it as an 11 ...
 First let me state that I do not believe in go...
 I have seen a lot of stupid movies in my life,...
 Absolutely one of the worst movies I've seen i...
 Dorothy Provine does the opposite here: She ke...
 This movie was not very good in my opinion. Wh...
 I kind of feel like a genius; I feel like I'm ...
 I saw this movie only after hearing raves abou...
 What can I say? I think I have to write "Spoil...
 Peeew this stinks! As everyone knows it's base...
 I think One True Thing is one of Meryl Streeps...
 ALERT: This review contains major SPOILERS. Do...
 After seeing Forever Hollywood, it would be na...
 A remake of the 1916 silent film, based on the...
 This movie has some things that are pretty ama...
 This movie is a pure disaster, the story is st...
 If you like his show you might be a little dis...
 When I ordered this from Blockbuster's website...
 My favourite story from 'tales from the crypt'...
 Ever since `Midnight Cowboy' I have been on th...
 Peter Strauss, by nature of appearing in mini-...
 Wow, how bad can it get. This was seriously ba...
 We often see movies about undesirable things g...
 So I'm looking to rent a DVD and I come across...
 I appreciated the photography, the textures, t...
 We saw this in a bargain basket at the local A...
 I thought this was an utterly charming film. T...
 This is an awesome movie, and if you haven't s...
 This episode sucks.<br /><br />Over the past f...
 I was a little to old for this show I was 6 wh...
 Hawked as THE MOST OFFENSIVE MOVIE EVER, GUARA...
 H.G. Wells' War of the Worlds by director Davi...
 This kind of storytelling is unacceptable The ...
 The movie is being televised as I write.<br />...
 I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an un...
 This is a great documentary film. Any fan of c...
 This 1991 NBC-TV movie aired six months before...
 I believe in keeping religion out of governmen...
 I thought there might be some level of worth t...
 It's hard to find an outright bad historical d...
 My kids recently started watching the reruns o...
 Los Angeles TV news reporter Jennifer (the bea...
 This is not so much of a review as it is a tes...
 Now really can u call that a movie. I knew som...
 Stewart is a distinguished bachelor and a succ...
 Unlike some of the former commentators, I was ...
 Yes, I am sentimental, and yes, I love movies ...
 Kudos to Cesar Montano for reviving the Cebuan...
 This movie will likely be too sentimental for ...
 I know that originally, this film was NOT a bo...
 My mother keeps a cassette of this film as a g...
 First of all, those who are faint at heart sho...
 This movie, like so many others (Remember the ...
 I've got to say, I'm a big fan of these 'Last ...
 This is one of those road movies that would li...
 After seeing the trailer it was an easy decisi...
 In 1990 Brad Pitt and Juiliette Lewis did a TV...
 I absolutely despise this film. I wanted to lo...
 Overall an extremely disappointing picture. Ve...
 I was unlucky enough to have seen this at the ...
 The funniest performance was by Shalom Harlow,...
 I first saw this movie on an Alaska Airlines f...
 This movie barely followed the story line of t...
 i thought it was terrific! very realistic and ...
 Distortion is a disturbing, haunting film, abo...
 The "Hunting Trilogy" of Rabbit Fire (1951), R...
 Impenetrable rubbish. This has to be one of th...
 What a shame this movie was never released. (I...
 In & Out made me want to vomit. I have never s...
 I missed this movie in the cinema but had some...
 This had all the makings of a very good film -...
 This movie is a lot like the movie Hostel, exc...
 This excellent drama had me in suspense the wh...
 Bill Crain's rarer than rare 'slasher' movie c...
 This movie is horrible! It rivals "Ishtar" in ...
 To summarize this movie: Without a real plot, ...
 Reading through the comments, there seems to b...
 Mr. Bean is just a bunch of unfunny slapstick ...
 I viewed this movie for the first time last ni...
 <br /><br />The kind of movie that demands too...
 While I would say I enjoy the show, I expected...
 I guess I'm part of the silent minority who en...
 Having just wasted a couple of hours watching ...
 A new and innovative show with a great cast th...
 Dreadful acting. A thinly veiled attempt to sl...
 This is an amazing film to watch or show young...
 Jean-Marc Barr (Being Light, The big blue, Dog...
 Surviving Christmas is a surprisingly funny mo...
 Actually this movie has silly moments, both in...
 If ever there were an inspiring story that cou...
 Hong Kong filmmaker Chang Chang Ho's 1972 mart...
 There was no characterization in this movie an...
 I liked this movie a lot, but the feeling that...
 Von Trier once explained how he created such s...
 Stardust Another Guarded Review (originally wr...
 I've been impressed with Chavez's stance again...
 I saw this when it came out in theaters back i...
 Eisenstein wasn't just one of the greatest sov...
 Scott Bartlett's 'OffOn' is nine minutes of pu...
 Moon Child, starring Japanese rockers Hyde and...
 I think its time for Seagal to go quietly into...
 This is the sort of thing that only now thrill...
 There are a select few cartoon films where ani...
 A man is pulled off a London Street and taken ...
 This modern film noir with its off beat humour...
 Now maybe it had something to do with the fact...
 As a rule, a Full Moon production logo is a wa...
 The remarkable, sometimes infuriating, often b...
 I'm the sort of person who went down to the lo...
 You would think that a film that starred three...
 This is one of the best animated movies I've e...
 My favorite movie genre is the western, it's r...
 Don't hate Heather Graham because she's beauti...
 Big D.B. tries to keep peace between the settl...
 We are in a small town, a homely widow (Ida Lu...
 My wife and kids is a good and funny series th...
 I have not read the other comments on the film...
 I saw this movie five times and never get tire...
 A delightful piece of cinema storytelling in a...
 This movie answers the question, how does a re...
 "The Domino Principle" is, without question, o...
 "Jefferson in Paris" is a truly confounding fi...
 this is only the second time i have been moved...
 The very first image of the movie shows a moun...
 "Jared Diamond made a point in the first episo...
 I saw this movie as a child and fell in love w...
 The fact that someone actually spent money on ...
 Contrary to popular belief, this title , to me...
 Bluff I really think this movie is very good.<...
 From the fertile imagination which brought you...
 Everything that made the original so much fun ...
 Here we've got an intelligent mixture of typic...
 Genghis Cohn is a (very) mildly entertaining B...
 Here again is yet another Diane Lane movie whe...
 Upon seeing this film once again it appeared i...
 Oh yes, I admit I have made myself guilty of t...
 I had high expectations going into this film, ...
 This movie just might make you cooooo. The fil...
 To be completely honest,I haven't seen that ma...
 this movie is so bad and Hellraiser part 1 to ...
 I agree that this film was spectacular. The wa...
 Unfortunately I think this is one of those fil...
 Meryl Streep is excellent in her nuanced and s...
 The lament and almost unbearable melancholy of...
 Yes, it's pure trash. It might be interesting ...
 THE ODD COUPLE is the classic film version of ...
 Wonderful family film that should be a staple ...
 <br /><br />I am a big-time horror/sci-fi fan ...
 I viewed the movie together with a homophobic ...
 well i don't know what people saw in this movi...
 Shinjuku Triad Society: Chinese Mafia Wars is ...
 "MirrorMask" was a terribly disappointing film...
 Dull acting, weak script...worst spanish movie...
 Excerpt from TV GUIDE:<br /><br />This week on...
 An occasionally surrealistic thriller that wil...
 A meltdown at a nuclear power plant causes a m...
 Unfortunately, Jean Eustache (1938-1981) belon...
 alright this movie might have been good if the...
 The plot in this movie is very thin, and there...
 I've only watched the first series on DVD, but...
 "People I Know" is a clunker with no one to ro...
 Worst movie ever seen. Worst acting too. I can...
 While Disney have been THE animation studio fo...
 Well this is the best comedy movie i have ever...
 Shannon Lee,the daughter of Bruce Lee,delivers...
 What can you expect from a direct to DVD film?...
 This movie is not for everyone. You're either ...
 There is a reason Chairman of the Board got a ...
 'The Omen 4: The Awakening' is a made-for-tele...
 Am not familiar with the trilogy but came upon...
 You get a good portion of Steven Seagal enviro...
 for the most part, On Demand delivers some pre...
 I watched the first series avidly, but wondere...
 <br /><br />Very dull, laborious adaptation of...
 After a somewhat slow start I thought this mov...
 Running Out of Time is probably as close to a ...
 I saw the movie yesterday and was shocked by i...
 I first heard of this movie at the "Flashback ...
 Because they all just watch there MST3K with t...
 Anyone who saw the original 1970 movie knows h...
 While escaping from a heist of a bank, the out...
 On a dark, gloomy New Year's Eve night, an ill...
 I saw this film at Temple University. I cannot...
 The 13th and last RKO Falcon film starts with ...
 I couldn't wait to put this movie in my DVD pl...
 Up until this new season I have been a big 'Li...
 The script is nice.Though the casting is absol...
 One of the worst films I have ever seen! After...
 What a poor image of Professional Police Offic...
 I read the back of the box and it talked about...
 Florence Chadwick was actually the far more ac...
 This is a very visual film. By that I mean tha...
 There are really two sections of this film. Fi...
 I like this film a lot. It has a wonderful che...
 A friend warned me that this was the worst mov...
 I remember being terrified of movie blood when...
 "The Rainmaker" released in 1956 - has some of...
 I caught this film at a test screening. Was ve...
 This movie is soo bad that I've wasted way to ...
 Was this movie stupid? Yup. Did this movie dep...
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever se...
 I am a huge fan of Ted V Mikels and the origin...
 This film has good characters with excellent p...
 I can only assume the previous posts came from...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 Whale-hunters pick on the wrong freaking whale...
 "Giant" is one of the most boring, overly-long...
 This great film never showed up in my town, so...
 Other than the great cinematography by the mar...
 This little-known comedy from the hit play by ...
 In "Hoot", a new kid arrives to Florida from M...
 I read about this film on-line and after seein...
 Along with his turn in the super-sleazy 'class...
 This is an exceptional picture with so much to...
 In 1965 producer Kevin McLory -who owns a part...
 I will give it this: it tried. It did try to m...
 This is a totally delightful and unexpected fi...
 One of the commenter's is wrong. This is not t...
 I find it amazing, that so many people (probab...
 It's sad to view this film now that we know ho...
 There are people out there who will greenlight...
 I was telling a friend of mine about the time ...
 A young woman comes to the home town of his hu...
 Reviewed at the Sept 12, 2006 2nd screening at...
 L'Appartement is, I think, a very purposeful H...
 Cowardly and cynical, `The Hospital' represent...
 Only the Brits could make a film like this and...
 This is basically just a dumb chase story, nea...
 It's highly stylized, but this movie shows tha...
 If all movies had to be destroyed and only one...
 This extremely bargain-basement Blaxploitation...
 Bergman´s tale about how the hell of the war c...
 Successful films on metaphysical subjects are ...
 The Bridge At Remagen contains some of the mos...
 Donald Sutherland, an American paleontologist ...
 This film is sometimes called 'The Story of O-...
 Holy crap this is so hysterical! Why aren't Am...
 I don't understand the low 5.7 rating on this ...
 This movie has a very deep look at the relatio...
 This Drummond entry is lacking in continuity. ...
 This is another film I missed out on Italian T...
 There are some nice shots in this film, it cat...
 This movie was dreadful. Biblically very inacc...
 I'm not sure if this is a comedy or not, but I...
 Most people miss Hollywood's point of concept....
 I am a big follower of Indian Movies especiall...
 Blame Guy Ritchie. The late 90s success of Rit...
 This movie would had worked much better if thi...
 Hey, remember when Hal Hartley was brilliant? ...
 I totally got drawn into this and couldn't wai...
 Jennifer Cassi (Gina Philips from "Dead and Br...
 I see alot of movies at the cinema (103 so far...
 Mario Racocevic from Europe is the only user w...
 This is a cute film starring Spanky, Alfalfa a...
 BABY FACE is a fast paced, wise cracking, know...
 While I can't deny that his movies are often e...
 I first saw this movie in the theater. I was 1...
 Favela Rising is a documentary about the slums...
 (SPOILERS included) This film surely is the be...
 This is one of them movies that has a awesome ...
 Never have i sat down for six hours straight t...
 i got to see the whole movie last night and i ...
 It's quite an accomplishment that three storie...
 I agree whole-heartedly with the comments so f...
 A funny thing happened to me while watching "M...
 Don't know how this missed award nominations. ...
 On its surface, this is one of the most classi...
 Second-tier American leading man Guy Madison p...
 Having just watched this with my mother (Who g...
 We can conclude that there are 10 types of peo...
 After waiting years for a definitive collectio...
 Charlie (George "Norm" Wendt) and Rhonda ("Jus...
 Seriously I don't get why people are all like ...
 WARNING! SPOILER! This movie is absolute crap....
 An awful travesty of the Greek resistance. Sen...
 'Nuff said. An undercover cop from the state c...
 This short is one of the best of all time and ...
 Few videos in recent history have been as amat...
 Typically terrible trash from director Fred Ol...
 Movies about U.F.O.'s are always a nice way to...
 Well its ten year's on since this film was rel...
 I am decidedly not in the target audience for ...
 It is a movie which sheds the light on the beg...
 The Rookie is based on the true story of a 40+...
 The interplay between the characters is a mora...
 Plankton, or Creatures from the Abyss as I'm p...
 I got this as a complete set of 9 episodes on ...
 When I was a kid, I loved "Tiny Toons". I espe...
 I gave this movie a four-star rating for a few...
 Redundant, everlasting shots, useless shots, u...
 "The Apartment Complex" is a campy comedy full...
 Nelson is a medical professor who wants his fo...
 My first Mamin film, saw it on IFC long ago, a...
 Basically, a dentist husband-wife team and the...
 when i first started watching these it became ...
 "Tarzan and His Mate", the second of MGM's Tar...
 I didn't really know what to expect from "Futu...
 This was quite possibly the worst film I've ev...
 Jane Russell proved to be a delightful musical...
 OK, I got the DVD set last week and I am final...
 "Bend It Like Beckham" reminds me of the best ...
 LOL.<br /><br />The mere fact that I start off...
 I recently saw Episodes 1-4, and now I can't w...
 I saw this movie during a Tolkien-themed Inter...
 This movie's basic premise is that everyone in...
 What a let down! This started with an intrigui...
 Why is Guy working for Buddy? Probably because...
 This is quite an amazing film to watch. Using ...
 If there were an EPA for film, then this movie...
 You have to see this movie, it's a big footnot...
 Bashki should be congratulated for attempting ...
 Homeward Bound is a beautiful film. Y'know the...
 Simply, I found the TV show "Mash" trite, prea...
 Imagine that you could have anything you wante...
 I stopped by BB and picked up 4 zombie flicks ...
 Ahh, Talespin! What can I say that hasn't alre...
 This movie is banned in just about every forei...
 I rented this movie, knowing that it would be ...
 This is hardly a movie at all, but rather a re...
 This film was in one word amazing! I have only...
 A not so good action thriller because it unsuc...
 -may contain spoilers-<br /><br />Clearly, who...
 This is a typical "perfect crime" thriller. A ...
 Now that I have seen it, it was NOT what I was...
 The one reason I remember this is that it was ...
 You know, I'm getting really tired of all the ...
 Possible Spoilers As Peter Jackson has so bril...
 I read many commits when it was in the theater...
 Why is this show so popular? It's beyond me wh...
 Alain Chabat is a fine actor, writer and direc...
 Rob Lowe must have eaten up the entire budget,...
 Do not expect a classic military comedy, which...
 Welcome to Oakland, where the dead come out to...
 After recently seeing, Cry Uncle, by the same ...
 This movie is one I strongly recommend. It's a...
 A terrorist attempts to steal a top secret bio...
 One of the things that makes this Ealing comed...
 Slow, odd film that drags and plods (I mean re...
 "Porgy & Bess" was the very first movie my par...
 If you like Star Wars/Trek, come see where the...
 This documentary was very thorough and exposin...
 This little film had long been on my "keeper" ...
 A college professor is working on creating zom...
 The Movie was sub-par, but this Television Pil...
 I saw this film from 1918 recently at our loca...
 I always think it would be nice if you could s...
 Well, of course the critics hated it. This isn...
 This tearful movie about a sister and her batt...
 This very good movie crackles with tension. Th...
 I doubt whoever wrote this screenplay has ever...
 Okay, I guess I'm pretty much a fan of spindle...
 This is an awesome classic monster flick from ...
 Hey guys I'm actually in this movie! I didn't ...
 I saw this film over the weekend and while I w...
 William Shatner in small doses is tolerable. U...
 'P' (or Club-P) should really be called 'L' fo...
 <br /><br />Very slow, plodding movie with a c...
 Unfortunately a boring flick, and obviously th...
 It's wonderful to see that Shane Meadows is al...
 Maybe I expected too much of this film, but at...
 I own this movie. Not by choice, I do. I was r...
 The first part of Grease with John Travolta an...
 First off, this really is my favorite film eve...
 I must say I was really excited about this fil...
 What a shocker. For starters, I couldn't stand...
 There have been plenty of unknown movies or mo...
 The film Classe tous risques directed by Claud...
 A lot of death happens in the wild. You don't ...
 This movie is more Lupin then most, especially...
 OK....so, by minute 15 in the film, there's st...
 I just watched Lonesome Dove, Return To Loneso...
 My Score for this crap: 1 / 10 1 for the techn...
 Although not one of Vonnegut's better known wo...
 Rene Clair's groundbreaking musical. If you wa...
 National Velvet (1944) The movie that put Tayl...
 This is the best and most original show seen i...
 ...a good script or director couldn't fix.<br ...
 A group of friends receive word from a pal who...
 Very disappointing 7th chapter of this slowly ...
 The beauty of this film is evidenced in the gr...
 Let's begin with that theme song sung by Chris...
 I was a teenager when this first appeared in t...
 True fans of film will love this authentic mov...
 Probably the best film of the year for me. Thi...
 Ah, true memories. I lived in Holland at the t...
 Despite pretty bad reviews, I just had to give...
 I couldn't watch more than 14 minutes of it. I...
 This movie is one of the most unintentionally ...
 Underwoods goofy story about a young man(Arque...
 The episode begins with scenes of a dead woman...
 Where do I begin, its one of the most frustrat...
 The animation is still the slightly rougher st...
 But I got over it. To me, it seemed that even ...
 I don't understand where these bad comments ar...
 I think this show was right on the money for m...
 Clever psychosexual drama about a wounded Unio...
 This is one of the most interesting movies I h...
 That's right, you heard me this movie is a fre...
 An opera diva has an accident, which leaves th...
 I finally managed to see this movie...after so...
 Brokedown Palace is not the kind of movie I wo...
 I remember this film as the other person that ...
 This must be one of the worst Swedish movies e...
 The problem with the film is quite simply this...
 Written by science fiction veterans Gerry and ...
 From the excellent acting of an extremely impr...
 Like in a circle the movie leads back to its p...
 I cannot believe that this is a film that I di...
 I saw this film without to know what about wer...
 General Trelayne is a super-being who wants to...
 Having seen only once and in the dawn hours, I...
 I was loaned this DVD by the director of a fil...
 Jack Frost 2 was a horrible, terrible, sadly p...
 I have complained to ABC about the cancellatio...
 I got the DVD from the library in the expectat...
 This is one of the very worst films Clark Gabl...
 This movie from what I remember was such a gre...
 I like Ali G's show, I believe the guy has com...
 Hey guys and girls! Don't ever rent, or may Go...
 In the same way Lamberto Bava was a substandar...
 I've seen this movie on several different occa...
 Sci-Fi channel thinks this IS Sci-Fi; it's a s...
 Henry Thomas was "great". His character held m...
 I understand the purpose of the director to te...
 I just watch this move recently on Encore chan...
 This film is pure, distilled, unadulterated bo...
 ** HERE BE SPOILERS **<br /><br />The governme...
 Two Soldiers is an excellent example of fine f...
 If I could go back, even as an adult and reliv...
 When I look back on my college days at Ohio Un...
 A poorly-paced sf/horror venture that takes it...
 Joe Don Baker is...Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, ...
 A lot of people are flaming this film for the ...
 Almost 20 years before Frank Marshall brought ...
 If you see this film in the TV listings just i...
 The Willies starts late one night as brother's...
 I may differ from many people on this board bu...
 <br /><br />Get your brewskies out and enjoy t...
 They are hunted and starving. They are complet...
 `Mad Dog' Earle is back, along with his sad-sa...
 At first I was weirded out that a TV show's ma...
 Loved the movie. Loved the two families crossi...
 I just re-watched a few episodes of this serie...
 Dogtown and Z-Boys is a documentary about the ...
 This is the best movie I have ever seen.<br />...
 Amidst all the many problems that make this a ...
 Only adding to the chorus of people who deemed...
 Steven Vasquez directed and co-wrote with Jame...
 Richard Gere and Diane Lane star in a chick fl...
 I like musicals but as a Dickens fan I HATE th...
 SOLDIER is not as bad as many have made it out...
 This was amongst the worst films I have ever e...
 This is only the second time I stopped a video...
 This is an extremely long movie, which means y...
 The trailers get you to the movie, but the mov...
 [***POSSIBLE SPOILERS***] This movie's reputat...
 The sound is terrible, the picture is worse th...
 Ah, Moonwalker, I'm a huge Michael Jackson fan...
 I suppose I should be fair and point out that ...
 Although there were a few rough spots and some...
 Grand Champion is a bit old fashion at first g...
 You can't watch a film like Peter Watkins' "Pr...
 The lives of Megan(Jackie Kresler)and Dylan(Sh...
 I just finished reading Forsyth's novel 'Icon'...
 Wow...This movie really really sucks...'Nuff s...
 This is just dreadful. I regret every second o...
 I watched Grendel the other night and am compe...
 OSS 117 was fun from start to finish.<br /><br...
 I absolutely ADORED this movie as a child and ...
 OK, so it's a silly movie, but I think they kn...
 The End of Suburbia, as it should appeal to ge...
 This show was rushed, and relied heavily on su...
 Disney might just be on to something here. Fir...
 This is a very, very odd film...one that is so...
 Silly, simplistic, and short, GUN CRAZY (VOLUM...
 A man wakes from a nightmare about bats. He an...
 This film was my first acquaintance with the t...
 one of best movies ever...Fire...it is not muc...
 Wonderful movie. Adult content. Lots of erotic...
 Director Jay Craven's adaptation of Howard Fra...
 If you a purist, don't waste your time - other...
 This movie was terrible. The first half hour i...
 Running Man viciously lampoons the modern-day ...
 I don't know what Margaret Atwood was thinking...
 (Chances are, I'm gonna spoil Valuable Plot Po...
 This film, without doubt, is the clearest exam...
 Curiously, Season 6 of the Columbo series cont...
 This movie was awesome!! (Not quite as good as...
 This movie brings to mind "Boys 'n the Hood," ...
 What ever possessed Martin Scorcese to remake ...
 There are a limited number of fans for movies ...
 (SMALL SPOILERS) I just bought the DVD of this...
 It's hard to believe that a movie this bad cou...
 When I checked out the review for this film af...
 Ossessione, adapted loosely (or if it is as lo...
 A funny comedy from beginning to end! There ar...
 An unusual film for an audience outside the US...
 I enjoyed this film which I thought was well w...
 Let's not beat about the bush here, Taylor Hac...
 Ya I rented it, so shoot me!<br /><br />A dece...
 Gee, what a crappy movie this was! I cannot un...
 I watched 3/4 of this movie and wondered why i...
 If you are one of those people that think Luci...
 Simon Pegg plays a rude crude and often out of...
 Even from the very commencing title of this mo...
 Very rarely do I give less rave reviews on a s...
 For someone who remembers Jane in the Daily Mi...
 Imagine the worst A-team episode Add even more...
 This is a prime example of uninhibited filmmak...
 Big Fat Liar is a great watch for kids of all ...
 Think of the ending of the Grudge 2 with the f...
 First animated feature film from Ireland is al...
 Some teen agers go to an old deserted farm hou...
 We arrived at the theater too late to see Rend...
 When commenting on this film, one must realise...
 Without John Rhys-Davies, I have to admit that...
 In today's world of advertising and teenage ho...
 John Candy and Eugene Levy star as inept secur...
 I can't figure Al Pacino out. I watch him in t...
 ya know the concept of "guilty pleasures"? yea...
 Ronald Colman plays a prodigal son. While he i...
 This, and "Hidden fortress" are the Kurosawa's...
 Horrible, misogynist drivel. My neighbor broug...
 I'm not a sports fan - but I love sports flics...
 This movie has its ups and downs, but to me th...
 This is the definite Lars von Trier Movie, my ...
 Has the drama, suspense, and character develop...
 I am not kidding: there's a scene in this movi...
 Alan (Anthony Steffen), an English multi-milli...
 I see a lot of movies. Saw the original wargam...
 I actually like Asylum movies. I've made it a ...
 The best part of this DVD is the cover. It goe...
 It isn't always easy to explain what a movie i...
 I respect Mike Hodges, and liked Get Carter im...
 I guess that "Gunslinger" wasn't quite as god-...
 Surely one the French films of the decade so f...
 Screened this morning for the press at Roma fi...
 After reading the reviews I am so relieved to ...
 BSG is one of my all time favourite TV series....
 My girlfriend has the habit of going to Blockb...
 An unintentionally hilarious early talkie melo...
 "Panic In The Streets" is an exciting and atmo...
 Well, I only caught the tail end of this film ...
 This movie was NOTHING like the book. I think ...
 The premise for Circle of Two is an intriguing...
 Sadly, more downs than ups. The plot was prett...
 Two sorcerers battle in the fourth dimension,o...
 This is a musical adaptation of Dicken's "Oliv...
 Watching "Speak Easily" is painful for fans of...
 I recently was in a stage version of this play...
 It's out of question that the real Anna Anders...
 Good horror movies from France are quite rare,...
 I am a long time fan of Luc Besson's work, and...
 OK, here's the short of it... this movie is fu...
 This movie was recommended to me by some acade...
 I've been a fan of Xu Ke (Hark Tsui) for many ...
 First of all, since I'm one of the people who ...
 This a superb self-contained work that is unco...
 I stumbled upon this movie on cable and was to...
 Surrender Cinema has been known for their extr...
 When I was a child my grandmother took me to s...
 I was excited to hear that Cesar Montano had d...
 For those of you unfamiliar with Jimmy Stewart...
 I should live this film, but I don't. It won i...
 A disappointing end to a season that started s...
 BLACK WATER has to be one of the best Australi...
 From the creators of Bruce Almighty and Liar L...
 This is the single worst movie I have ever see...
 I was so offended by this film that I had to w...
 My brother is in love with this show, let's ge...
 While I don't agree with Bob's and Tammy's dec...
 This movie is juxtaposition of various super b...
 The concept was ok but hardly original. The ac...
 I like the cast pretty much however the story ...
 Ok so here's the basic plot. It is 1933, Peter...
 The combination of reading the Novella and vie...
 Starlift is a pleasant and interesting throwba...
 I saw this film at the tender age of 18 with a...
 Extremely dull drama starring a very young Rod...
 Unfortunately, one of the best efforts yet mad...
 This movie was well acted and kept my interest...
 The mood of this movie is pretty good and it c...
 I got a good laugh reading all the idiotic com...
 I was excited at the concept of my favorite co...
 This was a movie I came across by accident. I ...
 OK - the helicopter shots are fantastic, and t...
 Bigfoot movies tend to be bad, so I'm not incl...
 You know the movie could have been a lot bette...
 The real surprise of this effortlessly lightwe...
 Anyone who has studied any physics or cognitiv...
 If you hate redneck accents, you'll hate this ...
 It'll soon be 10 yrs since this movie was rele...
 3lbs is obviously just a self indulgent progra...
 don't see this. this was one of the dumbest mo...
 Oh, what fun there is here! <br /><br />Amy He...
 I can agree with other comments that there was...
 I concur with what mallicka.b has said. The mo...
 "True" story of three girls who go into the wi...
 This era was not just the dawn of sound in car...
 This movie is terrible. It's about some no bra...
 All in all, Big Bad John was a hilarious, and ...
 I always say, "there's nothing like a good mov...
 I chuckled a few times during this movie. I la...
 RUN...do not walk away from this movie!!!!! Ai...
 Apart from Helen Bonham Carter, there is nothi...
 Letters with no destination end up in another ...
 it's a real big bummer that people easily are ...
 Its No wonder this was free with the Mail on S...
 Sam Fuller's excellent PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET...
 This 1984 version of the Dickens' classic `A C...
 I really enjoyed "Doctor Mordrid". This is a l...
 A bunch of medical student yuppies get togethe...
 If you liked "Blair with" you'll like this one...
 Although I am generally a proponent of the wel...
 After a couple years of searching for the Hump...
 I really, really enjoyed watching this movie! ...
 The humor implicit in the complete title prove...
 This movie was awful in the worst way: you jus...
 Some slack might be cut this movie due to the ...
 Wow! Here comes another straight-to-video scar...
 I thought this film was excellent, quirky and ...
 Don't waste your time on this dreck. As portra...
 The unlikely duo of Zero Mostel and Harry Bela...
 I just can't believe some of the comments on t...
 Brilliant execution in displaying once and for...
 Just read the original story which is written ...
 One of the many silent comedies Stan Laurel fe...
 Writer/Director John Hughes covered all bases ...
 Fantastically putrid. I don't mean to imply ab...
 Weak tale of an evil warlock who is searching ...
 The A-team is still repeating every day on Dut...
 A kooky, but funny bit of diversion. You kind ...
 OK so some of the plot points might be a bit o...
 I really don't think it's necessary that I wri...
 I can catogoricaly and unequivocally say that ...
 Profanity, stupidity, self-indulgence, and bad...
 Here, on IMDb.com I read an opinion, that Grey...
 I have read several reviews that ask the quest...
 I checked out this video expecting to like it....
 There are those who gripe that this is NOT the...
 When I saw that this movie was being shown on ...
 A couple of weeks after I saw this movie it be...
 For my first taste of Shakespeare on stage, I ...
 Captain Willard (Martin Sheen) has been sent o...
 I liked this movie because it basically did mo...
 this was a very good movie i wished i could fi...
 I have barely managed to view the entire film....
 This movie is excellent. Not because it does a...
 The Marriage of Maria Braun (MMB) is about a G...
 After seeing the movie last night I was left w...
 A couple of years back I had purchased (and en...
 This movie just felt very true to life. I like...
 [Minor spoilers follow]<br /><br />Steve Allen...
 In its way, Mister Foe (originally, and more a...
 I read a small ad in some horror magazine in t...
 If you want to watch a real 'quality' movie ge...
 This movie was made 20 years before my time. I...
 I have loved this movie since I first saw it i...
 I watched this show on the basis of it being t...
 Don't even ask me why I watched this! The only...
 Yes, this IS a horror anthology film and it wa...
 This is perhaps the creepiest display of Santa...
 It's generally an accepted fact that Marcel Ca...
 "Read My Lips" tells of a strange symbiosis wh...
 Ascension is actually a step up in terms of wh...
 This is simply the worst movie I've ever seen....
 Russell, my fav, is gorgeous in this film. But...
 This little flick is reminiscent of several ot...
 I've never watched a file in a language I don'...
 Wow, this movie was absolutely brilliant. I re...
 I can't believe this film was allowed to be ma...
 Season after season, the players or characters...
 Screenwriter Steve Tesich's sophomore effort (...
 It's a bad season for Bollywood with all the b...
 "Putney Swope" is a unique, low low low budget...
 Before I start, I should point out that I know...
 Wow! I remember so many awful films that loose...
 Do you hear that sound? That's the sound of H....
 At least something good came out of Damon Runy...
 This movie deserves the 10 I'm giving it.<br /...
 With some wine, some friends and some good hum...
 I should no longer be surprised when critics m...
 Ha ha! First of if you've never seen a "Dimens...
 The worst movie i've seen in years (and i've s...
 Seeing as the vote average was pretty low, and...
 The movie is excellent. Acting, cinematography...
 Total disgrace! Truly awful! The screenplay an...
 this movie is a very relaxed, romantic-comedy,...
 I have really nothing to add to all the other ...
 Ben Masters,(Kyd Thomas),"Dream Lover",'86 pla...
 ANDY HARDY MEETS DEBUTANTE (1940) is the ninth...
 It's not easy making a movie with 18 different...
 Alexandra Ripley wrote a horrible sequel to Ma...
 "Rouge" is part of a trilogy, but very much st...
 This movie is bad as we all knew it would be. ...
 I didn't know much about this movie before I w...
 Poorly done political actioner. Badly photogra...
 This really is a film of two halves. The first...
 A dangerous psychopathic killer Jacob Goodnigh...
 This- and not a certain slightly overrated Sou...
 My brother got me hooked on Carlin back in the...
 Firstly, few colleges allow students to take c...
 I smiled through the whole film. The music is ...
 I think that this short TV series, was absolut...
 The best thing from the American Pie "bakery."...
 In Christian Duguay's movie, Hitler: The Rise ...
 I have to mention two failures for you to unde...
 Ugh. Pretty awful.<br /><br />Linnea Quigley g...
 I was surfing through IMDb one day, when I stu...
 Perhaps I'm out of date or just don't know wha...
 A sophisticated contemporary fable about the s...
 This movie came highly recommended, but I am n...
 As the superb `Prime Suspect' series reaches p...
 This is possibly the worst film I have ever se...
 (Review is of the original 1950's version not ...
 I saw this movie in my international cinema cl...
 I love a film that mixes edge-of-the-seat susp...
 SAPS AT SEA <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1.37:1<b...
 Wow... I suspected this one to be bad... But n...
 I caught this film -- under the title of "What...
 The director, Ramin Niami, delivers the goods ...
 This movie surprised me. The box is misleading...
 I am sorry to say that it was one of the worst...
 ...but the general moviegoer's mileage may var...
 I only rented this because i loved the first m...
 A Matter of Life and Death, what can you reall...
 I was raised watching the original Batman Anim...
 I have no idea why people are so crazy about t...
 I loved the movie, but like everyone said, the...
 for those of you who were desperate to find ou...
 Rita Hayworth lights up the screen in this fun...
 I was able to hang in for only the first twent...
 I saw this film last night at a special movie ...
 Although I've long been a fan of Peter Weir, I...
 Sandra Bernhard is quite a character, and cert...
 Warning: This may contain SPOILERS!!<br /><br ...
 Visually beautiful with some fine music, this ...
 I doubt if the real story of the development o...
 MAKE A 0 YOU SACKS OF German STAPLES! well, wh...
 Anastasia: The Mystery of Anna was a two-part ...
 Henry Thomas, and Robin Tunny, are a couple of...
 Dear Mr. Seitzman, Or Whomever I May Hold Resp...
 Was unlucky enough to see this while travellin...
 This is not Michael Madsen's fault, he was har...
 A year after her triumphant first special, "My...
 Taran Adarsh a reputed critic praised such a d...
 This movie is a good example of how to ruin a ...
 Before I start, I need to inform you that I lo...
 Blazing saddles! It's a fight between two estr...
 Another sequel! Why on earth do they keep maki...
 Oh dear . Yet another example of " Oireland " ...
 "Ice Age" is one of the cartoon movies ever pr...
 One of the best films I've seen in a long time...
 This movie was obscenely obvious and predictab...
 This program would be useful for training hard...
 I watched this film on the advice of a friend ...
 I supposed 'Scarecrow Gone Wild' is a dull sla...
 First of all I saw this movie without knowing ...
 This meandering tale of mob revenge is simply ...
 I feel very strongly that this film was just l...
 Visually, this film is interesting. Light is l...
 Romantic comedy is not the correct way to desc...
 Irrespective of the accuracy of facts, Bandit ...
 The consequences of love: There is really some...
 'Where the Sidewalk Ends (1950)' opens, approp...
 Things I like. Steve Zahn as Gus, nails the pa...
 In the early 19th century, a young woman with ...
 This is one movie that will take time to get o...
 A stunning film which brought into the open so...
 I found this movie to be filled with irony. Bu...
 Although in some aspects Seven Pounds is solid...
 Gordon Scott made some good Tarzan movies, but...
 I went to see this movie at a book signing in ...
 Where to start with 'Speck' the true story of ...
 Okay, this wasn't the greatest horror movie I'...
 I for one really like this movie for some reas...
 FUTZ is the only show preserved from the exper...
 This movie started off well enough, sticking t...
 When I was born, this television series was th...
 I watched Cold Mountain and the English Patien...
 This is the only movie I have ever seen that h...
 A fantastic film featuring great Aussie talent...
 Jeopardy is a tense, satisying thriller, a cut...
 Forget Neo and Bourne and all those half-baked...
 I saw it at a German press screening. Without ...
 The plot for Descent, if it actually can be ca...
 I found the memorable quotes searching for vid...
 I caught this movie on the Horror Channel and ...
 I own all family guy seasons so far and i have...
 This is a very strange HK film in many ways. F...
 "Showtime" falls somewhere north of what some ...
 Saw this at the Hawaii Film Festival where the...
 Pierre Jolivet plays a Don Quixote character, ...
 What an insult to Olivia D'Abo who plays the f...
 this was one of the funniest and informative s...
 A pretty obvious thriller-by-numbers, in which...
 This movie starts out with this creepy song th...
 I enjoyed this film. I thought it was an excel...
 Nothing better than an android boasting 80's t...
 I am of "the Christopher Reeve Generation" it ...
 ***POSSIBLE SPOILERS BELOW*** <br /><br />What...
 league of gentleman has been the most disturbi...
 I discovered this movie with a retailer sellin...
 Charlie Chaplin responds to open auditions at ...
 This absurd movie was about a "Goodie-two-shoe...
 Her embalmed look was totally inappropriate fo...
 It's hard to imagine in this day and age how p...
 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer is a very lost player in t...
 There are some excellent comments and observat...
 I watched this knowing almost nothing about it...
 Predictable, hackneyed & poorly written. Fooli...
 Kevin Tenney's "Night of the Demons" is an enj...
 Once upon a time Hollywood produced live-actio...
 ******* SPOILER! ********<br /><br />i saw thi...
 America needs the best man possible to win "Th...
 This begins a series (which I'll hopefully kee...
 I’d been interested in watching this ever sinc...
 I first saw this film accidentally when they s...
 At one point, Violet (Lucy Liu) tells Neil (Ci...
 The Kid is a really good family movie about a ...
 You the living? OK I think I am an intelligent...
 OK, imagine that every state in the US, nay, e...
 Best Robot Romantic Comedy Ever, using the rob...
 After seeing this DVD, I was floored. It is SO...
 this is one of the worst movies ever There is ...
 I really must watch a good movie soon, because...
 no way out 2007 was a really bad and if it is ...
 The film version of Alice Walker's hugely emot...
 Wow, I just saw this on T.V. as one of the "sc...
 Much as I really like Catherine Zeta-Jones, I ...
 Hey,<br /><br />If your going to make a docume...
 this video is 100% retarded. besides the brain...
 Unlike "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai", or...
 Boy Oh Boy, does this movie stink. This movie ...
 A dreary and pointless bit of fluff (bloody fl...
 Well its a great work by Aparnaji and some whe...
 'How To Lose Friends & Alienate People' is a s...
 An excellent period murder melodrama, with Fon...
 CRIME BOSS is directed by Alberto De Martino; ...
 This was the best movie I've ever seen about B...
 OK, please believe me when I say that this is ...
 Wow! Fantastic film in my opinion, i wasn't ex...
 This movie is an awesome non-stop laugh riot i...
 This is hands down the greatest stand up show ...
 I've read that Paolo Sorrintino's inspiration ...
 Would a different translation have made it chi...
 This is a horrid disaster of a film. From begi...
 simply i just watched this movie just because ...
 I saw this on television more years ago than I...
 I have seen this movie 4 times in 5 months and...
 I really wish I had read everyone's review bef...
 Dolemite is awesome. Rudy Ray Moore's rhymin k...
 Kairo, or Pulse as it's known amongst English ...
 I am in awe of the number of people who consid...
 I just watched that movie, and was pretty disa...
 Terrible direction from an awful script. Even ...
 This movie starts off somewhat slowly and gets...
 While channel surfing, we found this movie wit...
 There have been approximately 60 different fil...
 This is the first review I've wrote for IMDb s...
 Joshua Seftel's first film - a satire of memor...
 I can't believe John died! While filming an ep...
 The book is so good that at least the opening ...
 This movie was the slowest and most boring so ...
 Cheezy action movie starring Dolph Lungren. Lu...
 Not really spoilers in my opinion, but I wante...
 Ill-conceived sequel(..the absurd idea of havi...
 From reading the back of the box my first thou...
 I loved this series when it was on Kids WB, I ...
 Farscape - is the one Sci-Fi Show which restar...
 Towards the end of his career Jack Arnold, a v...
 Las Vegas is one of the most brilliant shows o...
 I rented this movie on DVD without knowing wha...
 The film is about a young man, Michael, who ca...
 from the view of a NASCAR Maniac like I am, th...
 Andy Goldsworthy is a taoist master of the fir...
 How the hell did they get this made?! Presenti...
 For me this wonderful rollercoaster of a film ...
 Good actors and good performances can't mask a...
 I'm sorry to all the fans, but this is a usele...
 I was surprised to catch this on TV Friday, an...
 OK, let's get this clear. I'm really not into ...
 I saw this move several years ago at the Centr...
 Where can I begin. I heard this movie was comi...
 My wife and I watch a film every night with no...
 This film is wonderful in every way that moder...
 Although it has been 2 years, I still remember...
 A family of terrible people must remain in a h...
 A romp across a disbelieving outback, this out...
 Really...and incredible film that though isn't...
 Good cinematography, good acting good directio...
 I gave this movie such a high mark because it ...
 Stephen Seagal plays the role of a dude who ge...
 This is the last Dutch language film Paul Verh...
 ..this movie has been done when Hitler ( and M...
 I made the mistake of buying this since I coll...
 Everyone knows that late night movies aren't O...
 The movie is great and I like the story. I pre...
 Before I go on I have to admit to being a huge...
 I saw this film at the Galway Film Fleadh the ...
 "The Deer Hunter's" success with critics and p...
 mahatma Gandhi, the father of the nation in hi...
 Buster absolutely shines in this episode, whic...
 Tomorrow Is Another Day is NOT the sequel to G...
 Will there be please coming an end to hyping m...
 I got hooked on this as apparently ABC has lic...
 If you want your vision of Chaplin limited to ...
 A scientist on an island is in deep sorrow abo...
 I love cinema so what I'm about to confess emb...
 Honestly, I went to see the movie, not because...
 I believe this film was made for the not so pr...
 Hong Kong directors crossing over to Hollywood...
 Just imagine the real Hitler, who was a master...
 It really boggles my mind when someone comes a...
 Obviously inspired by Se7en and sometimes even...
 There's a good reason that Walter Pidgeon is w...
 This is a joke, right? This can't be a real fi...
 "Creep" is a new horror film that, without a d...
 This movie is amazing because the fact that th...
 I can understand why some people like this mov...
 This is a finely crafted movie with moving seq...
 My friend Zac rented this movie free of charge...
 There are lots of other comments here about ho...
 I just caught an episode about Brad, the crack...
 The title of this documentary is very misleadi...
 Amazing effects for a movie of this time. A pr...
 This is another Bollywood remake of a Hollywoo...
 TV newscaster Kimberly Wells (Jane Fonda) and ...
 Series 2 has got off to a great start! I don't...
 I just finished watching guinea pig - Devils e...
 I must say I was disappointed with this film. ...
 I too saw this film at a film festival, but un...
 I first saw this film about 15 years ago, and ...
 I've been going through the AFI's list of the ...
 The only reason I knew of Midnight Cowboy was ...
 I'd picked this one up time and time again in ...
 This is the worst movie I have ever seen. If I...
 It's schmaltzy, but then what else did you exp...
 Well to start with I'm straight up as black as...
 It's tempting to view this film as a daring av...
 I wasn't at all a fan of the 2005 gore fest hi...
 Well, I set out with a few friends to see this...
 'The Luzhin Defence' is a movie worthy of anyo...
 I am 13 years old and I am writing this review...
 Okay, I know that's cliché. Taken on its surfa...
 Strange... I like all this movie crew and dark...
 It is fantastic! A sick and twisted tale of co...
 For this movie, based off of a TV show, and a ...
 I like 50s sci-fi movies a lot. I like the rea...
 Piece of junk, would've given it a 0 if I coul...
 "The Incredible Melting Man" is a fantasticall...
 FC De Kampioenen's only reason for existence i...
 Every now and then a movie advertises itself a...
 the plot of this movie revolves around this su...
 If you love Japanese monster movies, you'll lo...
 I was lucky enough to see this at this years T...
 This was usually producer Alexander Korda's ad...
 There are lot of similarities between Never Sa...
 Watching Stranger Than Fiction director Marc F...
 This movie is absurd. Absolutely terrible. Mic...
 To this day when you speak of the Japanese cin...
 Too often screen adaptations of musicals compr...
 Intended as light entertainment, this film is ...
 This movie is about a depressed and emotionall...
 I have 2 words for you. Sean Bean. He is the o...
 This film is a variation of a theme we've all ...
 Very nicely done movie. It does stay in your m...
 The CinemaScope color cinematography of Leon S...
 I wanted to see this movie ever since the prev...
 This film is a brilliant retelling of Shakespe...
 I viewed my videotape last night, for the firs...
 Brothers with psychokinetic powers (yes, reall...
 Emraan Hashmi post MURDER did some good roles ...
 Excellent story of lives that need repair....o...
 Sometimes when a film is panned by the critics...
 Norman Wisdom's final starring vehicle was a d...
 Ya know when one looks at this Brian DePalma f...
 If you are a Christian or a Jew hoping to see ...
 As a father of four in his forties I thought t...
 Prior to this release, Neil LaBute had this to...
 Ugly, heartless Hollywood crap that expects no...
 What was Steven Seagal thinking? I mean firstl...
 As usual, on IMDb, going by the majority vote ...
 If you're researching UFO facts, then this vid...
 this was the best bonnie and clyde movie i hav...
 I liked House of Dracula much more than house ...
 There is an inherent problem with commenting o...
 I had watched (and recorded) this a few years ...
 Victor Jory never became a major star. He is b...
 This is a way cool fantasy movie. One of my fa...
 This move is terrible. They took Gods word and...
 We open with Colonel Luc Deveraux (Van Damme),...
 This is the most ludicrous and laughable thril...
 Just got back from a free screening and I'm ve...
 I'm a big fan of the old westerns, and do not ...
 Given the budget and the inexperience of every...
 I think Charlotte Gainsbourg is one of the bes...
 The historical inaccuracies of this film have ...
 I remember this film, exhibit in Barcelona (Sp...
 When I sat down to watch this film I actually ...
 There are so many incorrect statements in this...
 If you want to see someone accidentally eat an...
 After the success of Part 4, another sequel wa...
 The Invisible man is a show everybody s gotta ...
 Vanaja is a film of superlatives. It has an ex...
 Let me break down this film for you...<br /><b...
 I'm sorry, but this really does feel like a mo...
 Seems that the cast should ensure at least an ...
 Hood of the living Dead is about a young scien...
 Among the many accolades here for this product...
 I registered with IMDb.com just so i could com...
 Paulie is a fantasy of a littler girl or perha...
 I thought this move was very good. There were ...
 Absolutely dreadful Mexican film supposedly ba...
 boring, horrible piece of Italian euro-trash a...
 I really felt cheated after seeing this pictur...
 This is one of the dumbest films, I've ever se...
 They must be. I'll list them so that you can c...
 Movies have put me to sleep before, but no mov...
 The plot has already been described by other r...
 Hands down, the best drama/comedy show on tele...
 Normally I'm quite disposed to like low budget...
 This film is BORING, BORING, BORING, BORING, a...
 Big Fat Liar is the best movie ever! It is fun...
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** HERE ON EARTH / ...
 Like the previous two 'Mad Max' films, 'Mad Ma...
 I'm sure that most people already know the sto...
 Despite positive reviews and screenings at the...
 Should you wish to see the worst film ever mad...
 The makers of this fine film did a terrific jo...
 I saw this "hot" movie when it came out in 198...
 This movie surprised me. Some things were "cli...
 Like some people here, I love/loved Stingers! ...
 What could be more schlocky than the idea of p...
 Just saw it....the story, the plot, the script...
 This movie was one of the most boring horror m...
 Certainly not horrible, but definitely not goo...
 The first 2/3 of this film wasn't that dissimi...
 I admit to liking a lot of the so-called "frat...
 (As a note, I'd like to say that I saw this mo...
 First, IFC runs Town and Country, and now this...
 Those 2 points are dedicated the reasonable pe...
 Owen (David Krumholtz) and Chloe (Denise Richa...
 I read reviews on this movie and decided to gi...
 Why did I buy this movie on DVD?, Well the sho...
 This movie has been a classic in my part of th...
 It's great to see Jorja Fox in a role where sh...
 I usually come on this website prior to going ...
 My interest was raised as I was flipping throu...
 ... Said the continuity announcer as TACTICAL ...
 Bonanza had a great cast of wonderful actors. ...
 I am usually a big fan of Pacino (Scarface, Se...
 Spoiler Alert - although this is a plot almost...
 Oh, this is so bad, it is funny. The only way ...
 This movie was promising: my favorite actor in...
 Some movies you just know you're going to love...
 Of all the adaptations of books by Alistair Ma...
 I am salivating for the sequels. I needed some...
 Set in Venice mainly on the Lido, Visconti's "...
 The most generic, surface-level biography you ...
 Yes, we all know about Dan Schneider's odd lit...
 On the face of it, Ruiz has set out to make a ...
 There isn't much about "Reckless" that feels r...
 1st watched 12/26/2008 -(Dir-Eugene Levy): Cor...
 I've seen a slew of "80s rocker horrors" over ...
 This version of the Gulliver stories is defini...
 More a snapshot of the most popular pinup of a...
 Text Taken from 2001 Melbourne International F...
 The cast was good, and I thought it was a good...
 I agree with the above comment, I love the rea...
 I lack cable-vision and no longer have "DirecT...
 <br /><br />Horror movie time, Japanese style....
 This is a great movie. I love it more each tim...
 I was really looking forward to watching this ...
 A political satire of a comedian (Williams) wh...
 There is nothing I hate more in a movie than p...
 Fred was such a great show.It was simple but s...
 "The Bone Snatcher" starts out extremely promi...
 There is a lot wrong with this film. I will no...
 "In Cold Blood", adapted by director Richard B...
 Everybody I talked to said that this movie wou...
 I have reasons to love the great users of a ca...
 Well, I guess I was in the mood for a movie th...
 (Mild Spoilers) Frankie Machine had been dealt...
 Another fun, witty, frothy RKO musical with As...
 As other viewers have mentioned, this film was...
 I was totally engrossed in this film from the ...
 What a piece of junk this movie was. The premi...
 I watched like 8 or 9 Herzog movies and none o...
 The idea ia a very short film with a lot of in...
 Overambitious and shoddy; and at times too dar...
 Wonderland is the fascinating film chronicling...
 The movie opens with a flashback to Doddsville...
 ***THIS POST CONTAINS SPOILER(S)*** <br /><br ...
 Whatever you become in your life,you must neve...
 I am a 20 year old bloke from England. I don't...
 I have seen many, many films from China - and ...
 Looking and sounding like a cheap porno withou...
 I was really disappointed after viewing Pinocc...
 Some people don't appreciate the magical eleme...
 This is possibly the most perfect film I have ...
 Knowing Enki Bilal's comics for quite some tim...
 The story concerns a genealogy researcher (Mel...
 HORRENDOUS! Avoid like the plague. I would rat...
 I love this movie a lot. I must get this on DV...
 It's true, no one really expects anything from...
 I first saw this movie years ago and have cont...
 Originally conceived as a solo vehicle for Dud...
 An especially delightful film to those of us w...
 Directors of "The Messengers" Danny Pang and O...
 Is there any other time period that has been s...
 The film itself is only a compilation of scene...
 I was previously unaware that in the early 199...
 I didn't realize just how much of this episode...
 My first exposure to Japanese animation direct...
 Nothing happens.<br /><br />Then characters wi...
 'Umi wa miteita' ('The Sea is Watching') was A...
 I went into this movie expecting a thoughtfull...
 I'm so glad he wasn't alive to see this. This ...
 Some movies are off-beat, but enjoyable, but m...
 "Slaughter High" is, perhaps, the most underra...
 This is, without a doubt, one of the most acco...
 I have been hooked on "GG" since midway throug...
 This movie was beautiful and touching. It touc...
 A Christmas Story Is A Holiday Classic And My ...
 Denis Leary can indeed be funny and clever at ...
 This is a nice little lifetime movie about a g...
 Watching "Plots with a View" (called "Undertak...
 There seems to be a whole sub genre of cheap, ...
 The first time I saw the poster, I was stunned...
 I'll just put it out here, that was the Worst ...
 Being a fan of the manga and anime of Go Nagai...
 If you're looking for a movie that's fun to wa...
 It really is a great film (after being able to...
 While Hayao Miyazaki's movies have always been...
 I guess Melville intended this movie to be the...
 For the life of me, why did this film receive ...
 Following the release of Cube 2: Hypercube (20...
 The only reason I didn't score this a one is t...
 If you haven't seen this yet, I say just move ...
 Im warning you people out there, this is just ...
 Very, very humdrum movie fare here with Stella...
 Oh, where the hell should I begin? Give a brie...
 I just saw this movie tonight(5th Nov. 2005)fo...
 I was told Jon was for awhile on spiritual exp...
 I won't try to speculate as to what Brando was...
 A most recommendable masterpiece, not only for...
 Yikes did this movie blow. The characters were...
 After high-school graduation, best friends Ali...
 This film is more about how children make sens...
 This is very much overrated. I guess it carrie...
 I saw Marigold at a preview showing a few days...
 Pre-adolescent humor is present in large quant...
 This is to the Zatoichi movies as the "Star Tr...
 This is a film that is far more enjoyable than...
 Wow, I loved this movie, this film was filled ...
 My one-line summary hints that this is not a g...
 This one of the best and funniest comedy serie...
 This movie is not worth the time it takes to p...
 The only thing remarkable about this movie? is...
 This is where the term "classic film" comes fr...
 Råzone is an awful movie! It is so simple. It ...
 I can't stand people who comment on this progr...
 A very bad attempt at a young spinal tap. At l...
 A dedicated fan to the TLK movies, with the fi...
 This feels very stilted and patronizing to a g...
 I love this movie. As a kid, this was one of t...
 This movie is very cool. If you're a fan of Ts...
 I must begin by saying that this is one of the...
 I loved this movie! It's the finest parody of ...
 (Contains really bad Spoilers) So what can I s...
 Director/writer Andrés Waissbluth worked seven...
 Released as KING BOXER in the U.K.<br /><br />...
 Saw this movie last night. I don't usually com...
 I thought they should have called this movie "...
 I felt compelled to comment on this film becau...
 I'll say it again... one of the worst films ev...
 I have seen three other movies that are worse ...
 I remember seeing this movie a long time ago o...
 I didn't know a lot about this film going into...
 As someone else mentioned, it begins with a bi...
 Although this film never attained commercial n...
 OK, if I was in the rental store and someone a...
 This is an amazing film, both for the incredib...
 I only bought this DVD because it was dirt che...
 I have yet to read a negative professional rev...
 Okay... it seems like so far, only the Barman ...
 Egads.<br /><br />I used to think Keannu Reeve...
 "Tamara" just felt like another teen oriented ...
 Talk about creepy. If you really want to sit d...
 After nearly getting killed by a big dog, a st...
 Remember Ralph Bakshi? The guy that was an ani...
 The Robin Cook novel "Coma" had already been t...
 I suppose I can see why critics give this film...
 This must be one of the most annoying, arrogan...
 I, like so many others on here, bought this mo...
 I can't believe this movie was made as recentl...
 Some people say this is the best film that PRC...
 I really liked this film when it was released,...
 Ocean's 12 starts off on annoying and gets wor...
 it MIGHT have been a good movie if it had expl...
 Sure, he became rapidly uneven after this film...
 This film differentiates itself from the run-o...
 So much for JUDGE AND JURY, which lives up to ...
 I have to say this is an awful movie, for the ...
 I desperately want to give this movie a 10...I...
 I swear I could watch this movie every weekend...
 I had never read Gary Paulsen's novel, Hatchet...
 It seems whenever a mainstream film company wa...
 Some guy gets whacked. Right out in plain sigh...
 Wallace and Gromit are the main characters in ...
 Well. Astronaut Steve West sits in a plastic s...
 "Dutch Schultz", AKA Arthur Fleggenheimer, was...
 I am not a big fan of horror films, and have o...
 No doubt, when Madonna and Guy Ritchie married...
 The casting (and direction) in Undercurrent is...
 Plunkett & Macleane falls into my favourite ge...
 I thought this was a beautiful movie- very bra...
 The tunes are the best aspect of this televisi...
 Really, average is the only word that comes to...
 Trust the excellent and accurate Junagadh75 re...
 You know sometimes you just gotta have it? Tha...
 Compared to the recent gore flick HOSTEL, whic...
 When I began watching I thought I was watching...
 There's plenty to appreciate here: spectacular...
 Dumb is as dumb does, in this thoroughly unint...
 Yes, even as a fan of shows like survivor and ...
 In an early scene, Luca (David Pasquesi) and J...
 I first watched this movie back in the mid/lat...
 If your idea of a thriller is car chases, expl...
 the guy who wrote, directed and stared in this...
 I saw this movie Sunday afternoon. I absolutel...
 Dialogue: stilted, clichéd; Acting: hammy, cli...
 *This comment may technically contain "spoiler...
 It seems as if in Science Fiction you have thi...
 Often laugh out loud, sometimes sad story of 2...
 I actually saw this movie in the theater back ...
 OMG what has Disney done lately..most of their...
 The Stooges are back and funnier than ever. "B...
 I started watching this because I was looking ...
 "Priscilla, Queen of the Desert" is always bei...
 A day in the life of a dimwitted cab driver so...
 Without doubt a great all round show that if s...
 A very strong movie. Bruce is good and Brad al...
 Purported documentary that tries to examine sc...
 Utterly ridiculous movie which makes fun of th...
 The acting may be okay, the more u watch this ...
 This film could have been great- but wasn't. A...
 Three Stooges - Have Rocket, Will Travel - 195...
 The best thing about Shrieker is the dialogue....
 Sometimes you need to see a bad movie just to ...
 Julie Waters is always marvelous but Adrian Pa...
 This movie was excellent from start-to-finish....
 Lexi befriends Jennifer, a thin, intelligent g...
 The writers missed so many opportunities and c...
 Bad plot, bad acting, bad direction.<br /><br ...
 Its one of those stereotypical mtv generation ...
 Forget everything that you have ever read abou...
 The show is at least partially Faked (So is no...
 An old vaudeville team of Willy Clark (Walter ...
 SPOILER ALERT In this generic and forgettable ...
 Chances are if I watched this again I might ge...
 Some of the reviewers here have foolishly judg...
 I am the kind of person who can enjoy a good B...
 I went to see this because I'd never seen Tel-...
 OK, so in any Wile E. Coyote-Road Runner carto...
 This is a gem, a real piece of Americana for a...
 At what point does a film become so bad it's g...
 This movie is one of my all-time favorites. I ...
 There are numerous films relating to WW2, but ...
 'Doppleganger', ( or 'Journey To The Far Side ...
 Kevin Spacey is my favorite actor of all time,...
 This movie documents the Harlem ball circuit o...
 Well. Where to begin. Let's just say this; avo...
 I blow hot and cold over Carné. He really can ...
 Why did I waste 1.5 hours of my life watching ...
 For fans of Chris Farley, this is probably his...
 So lets say you are a producer, you have some ...
 I won't reiterate what so many others have sai...
 I have been feeling a little disappointed by T...
 Don't believe the hype. If you have high hopes...
 The past few months I have collected Voyager s...
 I have never seen this movie on its own, but l...
 Very good drama although it appeared to have a...
 So I got this from the rental store where I wo...
 A cast of 1980's TV movie and TV series guest ...
 Flashdance is one of those awful, stupid movie...
 When my now college age daughter was in presch...
 Not too good a movie. Sure, it contains action...
 This documentary about the life and comedy of ...
 The story idea is excellent. Unfortunately, th...
 If you like films that are totally bizarre, th...
 I was so looking forward to seeing this when i...
 I went to see this movie with the most positiv...
 My 2 year old likes the Doodlebops show, it se...
 The movie is a really well made one, which is ...
 In Sudan, the Arabs rule and are constantly at...
 This movie stinks. I don't think I have ever s...
 This is a great movie. It has a captivating st...
 An interesting concept vampirism having someth...
 In the opinion of several of my friends and fa...
 I enjoyed this for a couple of reasons. The em...
 I was five when the show made its debut in 195...
 This film is supposedly about three young idea...
 There are no - NO redeeming qualities to this ...
 Romantic comedies can really go either way, yo...
 A big surprise, probably because I was expecti...
 It's sad when you can see what a movie was att...
 The best romantic comedy I've seen in years. N...
 I did have some expectations from this film be...
 Plotwise this is a rather silly little whodunn...
 I probably saw this movie first in about 1995....
 In Black Mask, Jet Li plays a bio-engineered s...
 I saw this film prior to joining the British A...
 Kaige succeeds in this beautifully done film. ...
 Here's a movie with a good cast and nice looki...
 Do we really need any more narcissistic garbag...
 "Midnight Cowboy" was never a great movie to s...
 A film I expected very little from, and only w...
 This might sound weird, but I only got to see ...
 This is a terrible movie, terrible script, bad...
 Well, I'd be lying if I said that this could e...
 Wow, I just finally managed, after several att...
 Fast Times it ain't. But check this movie out,...
 The worlds largest inside joke. The world's la...
 These days, Asian horror films are among the b...
 This is the first feature film from Australian...
 The hip hop rendition of a mos def performance...
 (There Are Spoilers) Usual slasher film with t...
 "Come Undone" appears to elicit a lot of opini...
 An in-name-only sequel to John Carpenter's Vam...
 Thirty pieces of silver and a kiss for luck. T...
 This cool Marvel superhero game pays proper tr...
 This should not have been made into a movie. E...
 This has got to be a unique twists of two genr...
 I'm just quite disappointed with "Soul Survivo...
 This film was produced by Producers Releasing ...
 Dietrich Bonhoeffer's writings have had a prof...
 I saw the trailer for this movie in the 70's w...
 John Madden's cinematic interpretation of Edit...
 Ooverall, the movie was fairly good, a good ac...
 Dutiful wife Norma Shearer (as Katherine "Kitt...
 Definitely worth renting! Good clean family en...
 Great fun. I went with 8 friends to a sneak pr...
 I suggest if you have already seen the origina...
 This movie has made me want to become a direct...
 This film seemed way too long even at only 75 ...
 Well since seeing part's 1 through 3 I can hon...
 (Spoilers Ahead!) This same exact plot from th...
 If you want to see a film with no guns, blood,...
 Dreadful. I hope I can save two hours of your ...
 This movie sat in a dusty stack of videos in m...
 This is a very entertaining flick, considering...
 This is "realism"? If Rivette was seeking to g...
 A couple of years before SCREAM spoofed the sl...
 I am profoundly grateful to have seen this mov...
 He glorified himself as a great supporting act...
 First, let's get the "hoopla" out of the way.H...
 Excellent work all around especially by the ac...
 when my sister said this movie was gonna be go...
 Released two years before I was born, this Osc...
 I'm sorry folks, but these enthusiastic review...
 The Governess was, by far, a very pitiful film...
 Gen-Y Cops...since I heard of the film being i...
 If this movie had not been labeled a Disney pi...
 First of all,there is a detective story:"légit...
 I'd never thought that I would be caught sayin...
 Contrary to what many may believe as this movi...
 > you are warned this is a spoiler! > This mov...
 The 1980s TV show, updated with fresh female f...
 There's something compelling and strangely bel...
 I'll be blunt. I'm not one for politically cor...
 Indian Summer is a good film. It made me feel ...
 If you're going to put on a play within the pr...
 I watched this last night with low expectation...
 (the description of the mood of the movie may ...
 the cover of the box makes this movie look rea...
 A LAUREL & HARDY Comedy Short. The Boys arrive...
 A horrible mish mash of predictable story line...
 CORRIDORS OF BLOOD <br /><br />Aspect ratio: 1...
 I've had this movie on tape for years and star...
 This bomb is just one 'explosion' after anothe...
 Quite possibly the worst movie that I have eve...
 It gives the ordinary guy/girl the chance to b...
 Wow, here it finally is; the action "movie" wi...
 Had fun watching this film.. despite the feeli...
 Right then. This film is totally unfunny, puer...
 Well in to 2002 I've got some catching up to d...
 A SUPERMAN Cartoon.<br /><br />When America un...
 Rourke does his usual bit part,as a sinister,r...
 After waking up at 3:30 in the morning and not...
 Even though The Shining is over a quarter of a...
 Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show ...
 A truly, truly dire Canadian-German co-product...
 How could a film dealing with illegal Mexican ...
 Amazing. That's what you'd say if you sat thro...
 "Porgy and Bess" is an outstanding production ...
 I saw this at the 2008 Palm Springs Internatio...
 The Patriot (nothing to do with the Mel Gibson...
 BASEketball is indeed a really funny movie. Da...
 There are films that are not released in theat...
 This is a movie that should be viewed and trea...
 I've been willing to put up with a lot from la...
 Obviously, someone was looking at catching ont...
 Can I give this a minus rating? No? Well, let ...
 Bon Voyage is fun for the audience because it ...
 A large bed possessed by a demon eats people, ...
 Written by the writer who penned the excellent...
 This movie ... I saw it 15 years ago and in th...
 T. Rama Rao made some extremely beautiful film...
 Madhur Bhandarkar goes all out to touch upon t...
 The hysterical thing about this movie is that,...
 Life Begins is a wonderful pre-code film starr...
 I had never heard of this one before the owner...
 I must say that during my childhood I'm quite ...
 God bless Randy Quaid...his leachorous Cousin ...
 Being featured at the 2006 Cannes Film Festiva...
 "Walking with Dinosaurs" is absolutely brillia...
 This is truly a re-make that should never have...
 Budget limitations, time restrictions, shootin...
 Cecil B. deMille really knew how to create a c...
 don't watch this Serbian documentary and Serbi...
 HUSBANDS BEWARE is a remake of the Shemp class...
 I too am a House Party Fan...House Party I is ...
 Bobbie Phillips, who in her own right has amas...
 If it wasn't for the bad dialogues and script....
 Blake Edwards tried very hard to change Julie ...
 I have been away from Istanbul for the last 10...
 The film is a bit tedious. It's mostly a silen...
 Note: These comments are for people who have s...
 I can't quite explain why I find this so allur...
 This movie documents a transformative experien...
 Im proud to say I've seen all three Fast and F...
 A wealthy young man, raised as a SON OF THE GO...
 The Neil Simon's Sunshine Boys starring Walter...
 Okay. To enjoy this silent comedy short you MU...
 Now i have seen two movies by the director Che...
 A really very bad movie, with a very few good ...
 Hayao Miyazaki's second feature film, and his ...
 "When a small Bavarian village is beset with a...
 This movie looks like it was made for TV . For...
 For most people, RoboCop 3 is the film that re...
 Tumbling Doll of Flesh (aka Niku daruma and Ps...
 This movie is overrated, to say the least. It'...
 This was one of Christie's later stories. Thro...
 When a hardworking entrepreneur is rejected fr...
 The only reason I remember this movie is becau...
 This movie lacked credibility for two reasons....
 I just want to start by saying this is the fir...
 I don't think I'm too far off base saying that...
 The film is really good, it doesn't use violen...
 Imagine yourself trapped inside a museum of th...
 This movie is really special. It's a very beau...
 This is apparently one of Shemp's first shorts...
 I'm a big fan of sleaze and horror movies, whe...
 I was swept into this series just as surely as...
 Tasteless. I can't even write intelligently ab...
 Someone i know said that there was this film c...
 A young man falls in love with a princess but ...
 This man is nothing short of amazing. You trul...
 Chupacabra Terror: 2/10: It was the Navy Seal ...
 Hollywood has churned out yet another garbage ...
 Unlike Bond and other detective movies, Alfred...
 Sometimes intentionally campy, at other times ...
 The movie is about Paul(Páll) a young man who ...
 Sheltered young woman, home-schooled and possi...
 I don't even know where to begin...<br /><br /...
 What an amazing film. With very little dialogu...
 The Hazing is confused mumbo-jumbo that wants ...
 OK, this movie seems to have been pretty well ...
 A mediocre at best horror flick that deals wit...
 i just glanced over another comment posted her...
 This was an awesome movie with flight scenes t...
 Sarah Silverman is a dangerous Bitch! She's be...
 Wealthy horse ranchers in Buenos Aires have a ...
 "Telefilms" tend to fall under the pitfalls of...
 OK, so my summary line is a cheap trick. But t...
 These guys combine low-brow with low-budget. I...
 This movie was recently shown subtitled not du...
 There is an excellent reason Edison went strai...
 I remember seeing this movie back when it was ...
 I saw the trailer to this film and it looked g...
 Critics have started calling it the Oscar Winn...
 Fido is a cute comedy that deserves wider reco...
 This is my first review on IMDb.com and probab...
 Look, don't get me wrong I love independent fi...
 Folks! is a "comedy" about a man whose parents...
 No one goes to a movie like The Hills Have Eye...
 Most people will consider that Yul Brynner's g...
 This movie is wonderful. The writing, directin...
 If this is the first of the "Nemesis" films th...
 Beast Wars is a show that is over-hyped, overp...
 What Fox's fascination with dysfunctional fami...
 My poor Tank Girl, they ignored everything gre...
 I saw this movie years ago on late night telev...
 To say this film is simply a demonisation of C...
 Great movie about a great man. Thomas Kretschm...
 This movie isn't worth the film it was photogr...
 Revolutions always present opportunities for d...
 Love it or loathe it, it's hard to not find Wa...
 The "math" aspect to this is merely a gimmick ...
 It occurred to me while watching "Imaginary He...
 Despite the feelings of most "Star Wars" fans,...
 This short film doesn't get there. Cliche' and...
 Martin Ritt seems to be a director who was alw...
 The best thing I can say about "Quintet" is th...
 There is no need for me to repeat the synopsis...
 The worst part of all is the poor scripting, l...
 A truly unpleasant film. While Rick Baker's sp...
 Okay, let me coin a new word here: polyphobia:...
 Terrible use of scene cuts. All continuity is ...
 This movie has no respect for the viewer's tim...
 Since I'd bought the DVD, I watched as much of...
 No redeeming features, this film is rubbish. I...
 What a great movie this is. I found it full of...
 This is an exquisite film about the search for...
 What the hell was all that about? I saw The Ma...
 <br /><br />eXistenZ is simply David Cronenber...
 Few movies have dashed expectations and upset ...
 My wife invited my son and I to watch this on ...
 I was watching an NFL game and started surfing...
 Despite a few acceptable adaptations of the bo...
 Please note that I haven't seen the film since...
 This film speaks a universal language; one can...
 This is by far the worst non-English horror mo...
 There are no reasons of taking this documentar...
 The Foreigner is a straight-to-video Steven Se...
 Jess is 18, very smart and wants nothing more ...
 The Greek locale for parts of the movie were v...
 I thought I'd witnessed every wrinkle the crim...
 It`s funny how instinct warns you of something...
 Cary Elwes have to say puts on a better perfor...
 This isn't as violent as I was expecting which...
 I first saw Love in Limbo playing late on free...
 ***May contain spoilers***<br /><br />I had ve...
 I am normally not compelled to write a review ...
 Watching this hilariously retro but very enter...
 Terrific movie: If you did not watch yet, you ...
 This film is so awful it is funny, not quite t...
 I had never paid much attention to this flick ...
 New Orleans is nothing like how it is portraye...
 Sergio Leone spins in his grave... If there wa...
 I do not believe all the praise for this movie...
 Mikhail Kalatozov's The Cranes are flying is a...
 This is one of quite a few cartoons with Bugs ...
 I have to admit that I'm a great fan of this s...
 The war in the East,as the Germans referred to...
 I didn't understand the people who rated it ov...
 I gave this show a chance because of Jaleel Wh...
 I believe I received this film when I was a yo...
 Although a well produced made for television m...
 I really wanted to like this movie. The previe...
 I think this was the most outstanding edge-of-...
 In my opinion, the best movie ever. I love whe...
 "Go Fish" garnered Rose Troche rightly or wron...
 Every generation fully believes it is living i...
 A tedious gangster film that leaves you wishin...
 Pecker is another mainstream film by John Wate...
 ***SPOILER ALERT*** Disjointed and confusing a...
 This was a flick doomed from its conception. T...
 Do not bother to waste your money on this movi...
 "L'Auberge Espagnole" collected the audience w...
 If the following sounds tempting, then by all ...
 Lost is largely considered one of the most bea...
 From the critical acclaim, I expected more fro...
 Director Douglas Sirk once said `there's a ver...
 My review is divided into questions that you r...
 What do you get when you have a tenacious, sea...
 This was such a waste of time. Danger: If you ...
 I can envision the writers of this story think...
 Rod Serling was, of course, a genius and his w...
 Who would think Andy Griffith's "Helen Crump" ...
 Lame movie. Completely uninteresting. No chemi...
 The only reason I rented the movie was to see ...
 This movie is a real thriller! It was exciting...
 This series takes a classic story and makes ru...
 This film is the most cult movie on metal ther...
 The first opening scene that lasted around fiv...
 with what they had. John and Carolyn were very...
 I sought this film out because I'm a new Frain...
 I had a great time watching Femina Ridens a co...
 This tear-teaser, written by Steve Martin hims...
 ''Meet Sherri..for an evening of Pleasure and ...
 Telling the story wouldn't be the point at all...
 **Possible Spoilers Ahead**<br /><br />Wheneve...
 A young woman nicknamed "T.N.T." for being vir...
 I am a Talent Manager. I have been for 15 year...
 The cover of the VHS says it all: "Without dou...
 ...the first film I had to walk out on. And it...
 This is one of the more adorable episodes of t...
 What?!?? Why are people saying this is "mind b...
 A must see for anyone who loves photography. s...
 Steve Carell has made a career out of portrayi...
 The comment by "eliz7212-1" hits the proverbia...
 In over 70 years of watching movies,This has t...
 'Utter Crap' pretty well sums up what this.......
 One of my favorite movies of all times, have s...
 The plot seemed to be interesting, but this fi...
 Very disappointing version of Lorna Doone. Too...
 The story of the boy thief of Bagdad (as it wa...
 What this movie fails from answering is how wr...
 In A Minute To Pray, A Second To Die, Clay McC...
 WARNING: PLOT SPOILER<br /><br />The always-ab...
 This film is horribly acted, written, directed...
 This has to be one of my favourite flicks, unl...
 We found this movie nearly impossible to watch...
 I avoided watching this film for the longest t...
 I am a fan of a few of the Vacation films, but...
 There has never been anything like it, that's ...
 I don't doubt that Victor McLaglen won his Bes...
 Seeing the cover of this before I watched it, ...
 I first saw this film in 1959 at the Hoyts Dou...
 I purchased this one for a couple of dollars a...
 If you believe that any given war movie can ma...
 "Witchery" might just be the most incoherent a...
 Xavier,a French student moves into an apartmen...
 The plot line is an expose of the under belly ...
 After a slow beginning, BRUCE ALMIGHTY is a ve...
 Would someone explain to me when the Ghoulies ...
 I cannot for the life of me understand why the...
 I checked this out at the Vancouver Internatio...
 The story deals about Jet Li who has to fight ...
 It's hard to believe that there are some peopl...
 I passed this one on the shelf a few times, lo...
 Even by the standards of most B-movies, this m...
 When 'My Deja Vu, My Deja Vu' aired last seaso...
 Utopia, made in 1950 in France, was the last f...
 Rent this only movie if you're in the mood for...
 I read Holes in 5th grade so when I heard they...
 Just saw 'The League of Gentlemen: Apocalypse'...
 It pains me to say this about an Australian fi...
 Good show, really good acting, and the directo...
 "Nat" (voiced by Trevor Gagnon), along with hi...
 Considering the original film version of 'The ...
 I saw 'Descent' last night at the Stockholm Fi...
 I rented this one on DVD without any prior kno...
 So I decided to watch the entire Puppet Master...
 this show is awful. no comedy, no plot no good...
 I thought this film was a poor effort by the B...
 So what constitutes a real independent film? I...
 This first time writer/director comes across a...
 I'd heard about this movie a while ago from a ...
 A film with very little positive to say for it...
 The 40 Year Old Virgin, is about Andy Stitzer,...
 I was always a big fan of this movie, first of...
 I cannot BELIEVE anyone is giving this film a ...
 If you like bad movies, this one's a real trea...
 I have been living in Istanbul for 24 years an...
 This is an excellent film about a traditional ...
 I was not only an extra in this movie, I got t...
 Of course the plot, script, and, especially ca...
 The Kindred opens to shots of a Porsche racing...
 To get in touch with the beauty of this film p...
 I was expecting this to be just like the other...
 Special sneak previews are always a good time....
 When I first saw this movie I was with my dad....
 Jeff Lowell has written & directed 'Over Her D...
 This is a film that I love above all others. I...
 "A Classic is something that everybody wants t...
 I'll put it straight to you, this movie is dea...
 This movie has a fairly decent premise - one g...
 This was the first "Walking Tall" movie I saw,...
 This movie had good intentions and a good stor...
 I watched this movie when I was almost quite a...
 I went through great efforts to get this movie...
 Sure, this movie is sappy and sweet and full o...
 I haven't seen it in over twenty years. OJ was...
 I was not expecting much from this movie, but ...
 "Extreme Makeover: Home Edition" is yet anothe...
 This is probably one of the best French movies...
 I caught this at the Chicago IndieFest and hav...
 I considered myself to be quite melancholy, es...
 Although Bette Davis did a WONDERFUL job as Mi...
 A heroic young trail scout leads a large party...
 If you "get it", it's magnificent.<br /><br />...
 A couple(Janet and Richard) go camping out in ...
 What a lovely heart warming television movie. ...
 A film like Amazing Grace and Chuck is a perfe...
 The riddle as a concept is an interesting idea...
 I only today, picked this up at the 99 cents o...
 After the success of "Muppet Babies" Warner Br...
 I love Tudor Chirila and maybe that's why i en...
 Something about "Paulie" touched my heart as f...
 What more can I add? This is without doubt one...
 I consider myself a casual fan of Dario Argent...
 this movie only gets a second star because i w...
 I really hate most end of the world movies. Th...
 Let me preface this by going on record, I am a...
 Some good movies keep you in front of the TV, ...
 I first saw Rob Roy twelve years ago. With lit...
 What can I say about THE PLEASURE PLANET that ...
 I loved this film, at first the slick graphics...
 I sometimes grow weary of reading reviews of s...
 You know, Robin Williams, God bless him, is co...
 The first film is somewhat good to me, I enjoy...
 This movie is like porn with all of the good p...
 I saw this movie just recently, and I said to ...
 I can't praise this film enough. It had a lot ...
 I wanted to see this movie ever since it was f...
 Having seen the hot Eliza Dushku in the pretty...
 The movie itself is not too bad; many comments...
 Recently released on British DVD, this is a go...
 With Ralph Bakshi most of his films appear to ...
 Visconti's first feature, Ossessione is an ada...
 Radio was not a 24 hour 7days a week happening...
 This is undoubtedly one of the funniest movies...
 Rudolph Maté's film from 1950 is given a revam...
 Gung Ho is one of those movies that you will w...
 I agree in many parts with the fairly thorough...
 I love the Thackeray novel on which this film ...
 "The Plainsman" represents the directorial pro...
 In spite of its impressive cast and crew pedig...
 At first I wasn't sure if I wanted to watch th...
 The films' producers are hoping that Cameron D...
 I got this as part of a competition prize. I w...
 Allow yourself to be transported to a differen...
 In the Muslim country of Khalid (fictional), i...
 CHE! is a bad movie and deserves it reputation...
 Well I don't personally like rap, but I still ...
 The DVD release of this movie hopes you will b...
 Although Kurt Russell was and is probably the ...
 Hip. Erotic. Wickedly sexy ... whatever. It's ...
 This episode apparently grew out of the cold w...
 Right away, this film was ridiculous. Not that...
 I was about 11 years old i found out i live 0....
 In the hands of lesser actors than Claudette C...
 Clyde Bruckman borrows the premise of this sho...
 I give this movie 7 out of 10 because the vill...
 Sorry to say I have no idea what Hollywood is ...
 For anyone who liked the series this movie wil...
 I have to say that I know the documentaries of...
 Brodzki's creation is a great example of how N...
 An interesting look at Japan prior to opening ...
 This is unlike any other movie, the closest th...
 This movie looked like a classic in the cheesy...
 MPAA Rating PG-13<br /><br />My Rating: 10 and...
 Spoilers! Classic 70's sex trash! The Swedish ...
 Alex Benedict (John Cassavetes) is an orchestr...
 I'd really have to rate "Sex is Comedy" as one...
 The first time I ever saw this movie was back ...
 If you are very sensitive when it comes to ext...
 I like Brad Pitt enormously. He is an actor wi...
 This groundbreaking film is truly a work of ar...
 James J. Corbett, heavyweight champion of the ...
 It makes sense to me that this film is getting...
 This has to be one of my favourite movies of a...
 WARNING!!! TONS OF DEAD GIVEAWAYS!!! DON'T REA...
 The best scene of "The People Across The Lake"...
 I'm sorry, but for a movie that has been so st...
 I saw this movie on the film festival of Rotte...
 I go to the movies to be entertained. I was ve...
 Dirty Sanchez is the more extreme, British ver...
 The previews were so funny that I couldn't wai...
 I was interested to see the move thinking that...
 Well, I'll begin with this: I love horror-movi...
 No laughs whatsoever. Yes, I watched this enti...
 This movie was terrible. You couldn't fast for...
 Bruce Almighty, one of Carrey's best pictures ...
 This film had me spellbound this evening. Than...
 Katherine Heigl, Marley Shelton, Denise Richar...
 After some internet surfing, I found the "Home...
 Starting with a tearjerking poem and images of...
 This little film is hysterical, full of stereo...
 What an ambitious project Kenneth Branagh unde...
 <br /><br />I really liked this film. One of t...
 Bobby is a goofy kid who smiles far too much a...
 This movie was, unfortunately, terrible.<br />...
 Was this meant to be a comedy or a serious dra...
 A Disney movie that dares to do something diff...
 Frank Sinatra did so many excellent things in ...
 I have neither read the book on which the movi...
 This has long been one of my favourite adaptat...
 I vaguely remember Ben from my Sci-Fi fandom d...
 This movie was incredible!!!! I did not know t...
 This was a wonderfully clever and entertaining...
 This might quite possibly be the worst movie I...
 I've read reviews that apparently you have to ...
 Band Camp was awful, The Naked Mile was a litt...
 A dozen bored surfers, mostly kids in Venice, ...
 Hopalong Cassidy with a horse who is not white...
 I have read over 100 of the Nancy Drew books, ...
 The plot of this movie hangs on one important ...
 Once you sit down to see this film " A Cannon ...
 I saw "A Page of Madness" in a silent film cou...
 Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon starts aboard a ...
 Just watched this movie on DVD and thought the...
 I loved this show. I used to actually leave th...
 Two L.A cops track down a serial killer nickna...
 This was an absolutely spellbinding series and...
 This was an adorable movie. A real feel-good m...
 The child actor certainly deserves a lot of cr...
 For the life of me I can't figure out why anyo...
 Nickelodeon has gone down the toilet. They hav...
 ... a recommendation! Gloria Grahame runs the ...
 The Falcon and the Snowman is the true story o...
 This Hong Kong filmed potboiler packs in more ...
 I can't believe this movie has 6 stars on IMDb...
 This is easily the most disappointing, least g...
 The movie celebrates life.<br /><br />The worl...
 Effort aside (This isn't a review about good i...
 What can I say about this movie except that it...
 I saw this film numerous times in the late 60'...
 I can't honestly believe that this is a sequel...
 There is a solid group of people that have liv...
 Being (somewhat) an independent filmmaker myse...
 The story behind this movie is very interestin...
 I couldn't help but feel that this could have ...
 Everybody knows that Gregory Widen's original ...
 A tedious yawn of a film that retains nothing ...
 Two snipers travel deep in the jungles in sear...
 May I start off by saying that Casey Affleck i...
 This sweeping drama has it all: top notch acti...
 When I watch a short like Boy-Next-Door, I fin...
 Some movies are just  unlucky. These are the ...
 This film is fun, if your a person who likes a...
 If you are planning to schedule your program f...
 I have loved this movie all of my life. It's s...
 I LOVE this show, it's sure to be a winner. Je...
 Well, you know... Rutger Hauer and Robert Patr...
 I've really enjoyed this adaptation of "Emma"....
 After seeing Meredith in "Beyond the Prairie" ...
 "THINGS TO COME" Movie Review by kWRice<br /><...
 "May contain spoilers" Sadly Lou Costellos' la...
 The first in a new style of films for Lamas- n...
 One more of extremely unprofessional movies ab...
 `AfterLife' is about a somewhat arrogant, reas...
 This movie is essentially a "how-to" on how to...
 Mario's first foray into the world of 3-dimens...
 It's one of the best movies I've seen in the l...
 I looked forward to watching this film and the...
 "In the Line of Fire" is one of the best thril...
 Christopher Nolan's first feature film wowed c...
 For every fan of coming of age tales, this 3 h...
 The next time you are at a party and someone a...
 Gundam Wing is a fun show. I appreciate it for...
 Ice the Limerick:<br /><br />A virus pulled ou...
 K-Pax is a very intriguing film. Is Prot (Kevi...
 *minor spoilers*<br /><br />You know, it's get...
 I have been a Hindi movie buff since the age o...
 Someone, some day, should do a study of archit...
 ...If you've been laughing too much for a long...
 For everyone who expects a traditional superhe...
 A few minutes in: "NOT credible. What idiot wr...
 The first scene in 'Problem Child' has a baby ...
 I had no idea what Jane Eyre was before I saw ...
 As you all may know, JIGSAW did not make its w...
 "The Journey" is a very good film. Produced in...
 It's a Time Machine all right. It runs in "rea...
 The movie was watchable while Nicolson was on ...
 Blue Planet... Wow... Where do I begin? The ye...
 If you have been to the east of Europe (or eve...
 Roger Corman has enjoyed his shares of cinemat...
 I had seen Rik Mayall in Blackadder and the Ne...
 Went to see this movie with my brother and his...
 I ran across Yvette McClendon in a film at the...
 With all the potential for a good movie in its...
 I'm not sure this is a spoiler; perhaps it is ...
 This is one of the worst movies I've seen in a...
 THE CHOKE (aka AXE in the UK) is a slasher pro...
 There's not much anyone can say about this fli...
 This has to one of the most pathetic, predicta...
 In one of the more under-seen films of the lat...
 Hubert Selby Jr. gave us the book "Requiem For...
 There are bad movies, movies that are horrible...
 Mind you, it's not supposed to be, but it is. ...
 Horror spoofs are not just a thing of the 21st...
 An enjoyable game, which offers fun and easy g...
 With Harry Callahan getting up in years, the i...
 This is one of the worst movies I have seen th...
 Howard Brackett (Kevin Kline) is a teacher who...
 His significant charisma and commanding presen...
 Frederick Forsyth's books are always so intric...
 "Protocol" is a hit-and-miss picture starring ...
 I know these types of films sell tickets and m...
 If this film were to be rated on a scale of 1 ...
 This is is a thoroughly unpleasant, if slickly...
 In 1932, Humphrey Bogart was a relative unknow...
 I loved this movie. I knew it would be chocked...
 This is the worst work ever of Daniel Day Lewi...
 Wow. A truly fantastic 'trip' movie that has t...
 The Texas Revolution of 1835 to 1836, includin...
 Others' main criticism of this film--namely th...
 It is hard to judge 'Imaginary Heroes' without...
 This film is so incredibly bad, that I almost ...
 This stuffy melodrama is quite easily the wors...
 Poor Ingrid suffered and suffered once she wen...
 I did something a little daring tonight when I...
 Like the beauty of the jungle, Jessica Alba's ...
 The greatest movie ever.<br /><br />How's that...
 A great film! Slow: YES.<br /><br />...but ori...
 this is what i call a great movie. it lives tr...
 If this documentary had not been made by the f...
 While it's one of two movies on Tales of Voodo...
 I remember Devil Dog playing on TBS almost 20 ...
 This flick was the introduction for a lot of u...
 I caught this little gem totally by accident b...
 What a sad sight these TV stalwarts make, runn...
 Critters 3 starts on the open road as Clifford...
 I have noticed that a lot of films that have b...
 A remarkable film, bringing to the surface all...
 I admit I have been a fan of Harrison Ford for...
 I had high hopes for this film when I saw the ...
 Pavarotti and the entire cast are superb in th...
 It seems that all people didn't like Steven Se...
 I was excited when I heard they were finally m...
 A sweet little movie which would not even offe...
 Mercy the movie, actually starts out as a some...
 As the faux-Russian scientist says two-thirds ...
 This time The Beastmaster(Marc Singer) returns...
 Cedric Kahn's films have been character-based,...
 This is the most pitiful excuse for a comedy s...
 Halloween is the story of a boy who was misund...
 The Muppet movie is an instant classic. I reme...
 I'll be honest-- the pimped out purple plane w...
 Punishment Park is a pseudo-documentary made b...
 Let's get one thing straight, this gets an 7 o...
 Never viewed this film and enjoyed the singing...
 There is just one word for this film. Appallin...
 When people think of downtown Chicago they thi...
 Oh my, I think this may be the single cheesies...
 I watched SEA OF DUST at the Rhode Island Horr...
 The Untold... Is one of the worst films I ever...
 Loved this movie!! Great acting by Carla Gugin...
 The "documentary", and we use that term loosel...
 This was a disappointing horror film about a s...
 Once again, I fell for it, in my roots I crave...
 I wasn't as "lucky" as some of the others comm...
 Although I'm not too much of a religious perso...
 This is an excellent movie and should be prese...
 I viewed this movie in DVD format. My copy may...
 This is one of the better classic Edgar Wallac...
 Let me start by saying overall I enjoyed The L...
 Moon Child is the story of two brothers and a ...
 This review is long overdue, since I consider ...
 This movie defines the word "confused". All th...
 This is a great film.<br /><br />I agreed to w...
 Tremendous fun both as a film and as an excuse...
 This movie is bizarre. Better put, it's "freak...
 If you don't like Mel Brooks, you won't like t...
 I never saw any of John Leguizamo's stand-up b...
 This movie could only originate in the 1970's!...
 This was a movie i could not wait to see! So i...
 It's up there with Where's Poppa, The Groove T...
 To sum this story up in a few sentences: A tee...
 The movie itself was ok for the kids. But I go...
 I remember seeing promos for this show before ...
 I must say, I found this movie very disappoint...
 Synopsis: Andreas (Trond Fausa Aurvaag) finds ...
 Nina Foch delivers a surprisingly strong perfo...
 As others have commented, I checked this out a...
 This HBO original is pretty straightforward an...
 The daytime TV of films. Seldom have I felt so...
 I saw this movie in 1956 and again on Cable a ...
 What do you get when you mix a lump of clichés...
 I agree that Capital City should be on DVD. I ...
 I laughed at the movie! The script, the acting...
 This is the best show ever no matter what you ...
 This rather formulaic swords and flying fists ...
 I managed to grab a viewing of this with the a...
 What a tribute to his father! He set out on a ...
 ...scratch it. Just as African's created rhyth...
 The emotional powers and characters of Dominic...
 Let me say this about Edward D. Wood Jr. He ha...
 this movie sucks. did anyone notice that the e...
 One of the funniest films I ever saw in the th...
 The cover on the DVD and disc is freaking awes...
 William Powell's final outing as Philo Vance o...
 Vincente Minelli movies are usually worth your...
 As a fan of the book, this work is fantastical...
 Sometimes it is difficult to watch films with ...
 I disagree strongly with anyone who might dism...
 I found this an awfully disappointing experien...
 Shtrafbat is the story only Russians could tel...
 A washed up reporter called Bart Crosbie (Pat ...
 "Kalifornia" is a good Hollywoodish odyssey of...
 Not sure one can call this an anti-war film, i...
 There is only one use for a film such as Bulle...
 The fact that this cruddy series could elicit ...
 I went to see THE ITALIAN JOB with mixed revie...
 I remember when I was five and my parents thou...
 When you're watching Distant you know you're n...
 Well groomed, well behaved teen Meg Tilly must...
 Yes this movie is predictable and definitely n...
 This is a truly awful film. Lou Diamond Philli...
 I have officially vomited in my own mouth, tha...
 Republic pictures comes late in the game to th...
 Where to start. The film started out pretty we...
 This may not be the very worst movie Peter Sel...
 I've never seen many online movies in most of ...
 Get the CD instead. The show is tame, and the ...
 Surprisingly not terrible and well animated fo...
 Having heard of Modesty Blaise before, but nev...
 I recently got the chance to view "The Waterda...
 Caroline Bender (Hope Lange) is just killing t...
 If it wasn't for some immature gullible idiot ...
 This last Dutch speaking film of Verhooven mad...
 It has been a long time since I have been to a...
 Moscow Zero stole my money and I want it back!...
 Ugh, what an embarrassing episode last night! ...
 Basically, Cruel Intentions 2 is Cruel Intenti...
 This is a racist movie, but worthy of study an...
 BELL WITCH HAUNTING (aka THE HAUNT) is an Amer...
 The more I watch Nicholas Cage, the more I app...
 Wow - most of the audience just seemed to shak...
 Bela Lugosi is great as usual but the movie is...
 This was really a "nightmare" of a film; i saw...
 For fans of 1970s Hammer type horror films, th...
 I was very impressed with the latest productio...
 From watching the trailer, the movie looked pr...
 Miles O'Keeffe once again assumes the role of ...
 He's the only reason to see this film. He give...
 Tedious girls-at-reform-school flick, which pl...
 This is one of my three all-time favorite movi...
 Apparently Shakespeare equals high brow which ...
 (this may be a bit on the spoilerish side) I w...
 The tagline on the box hails, "100 TRAPPED PAS...
 The plot is predictable. It has been done many...
 I can say without a shadow of a doubt that Goi...
 I loved this film! Fantastically original and ...
 This is the worst brain damaged, ultra cheap, ...
 Well as a life long fan of Kung Fu films I hav...
 I'm not sure it was the language or the poor a...
 This films makes no pretentious efforts to hid...
 "Don't Drink the Water" is an unbelievably bad...
 this has got to be one of those films where th...
 The first time I saw "Alice in Wonderland  an...
 Wicked Little Things (known in Australia as "Z...
 David Tennant and Sarah Parish's brilliant act...
 I have done quite a few reviews on IMDb and th...
 "Life hits us in the face........we must try t...
 Amanda Bynes is an enormously talented actress...
 I love documentaries. They are among my favori...
 Inane, awful farce basically about a young man...
 Could this be one of the earliest colour films...
 1969 was the year. New York City was the place...
 First, and foremost, I take issue to the title...
 This film had a distinct Woody Allen feel abou...
 believe it or not,this movie is worse than num...
 I saw this movie when it was released, and my ...
 I don't know what Dick steel was talking about...
 As I sit here, I find myself laughing at certa...
 I love Kristen Dunst, especially in Elizabetht...
 Okay, that was a pretty damn good episode. Muc...
 this is the worst movie i've ever seen. i'm no...
 The best film about marriage and family. This ...
 I had seen The Cure when I was a kid and I lov...
 I have always been interested in anything abou...
 Ironically the most talked-about American film...
 *Spoiler warning*<br /><br />First of all I ra...
 This film is a fun little private eye detectiv...
 Look, although we don't like to admit it, we'v...
 I didn't even want to watch this movie after r...
 I got all excited when I saw the ads for this ...
 As a rule, I try to find as much in films as I...
 Why did I waste my time with this movie? There...
 A dark and painful look at the perils of drug ...
 Well, it's Robin Hood as 'geezer' all right......
 Despite the title and unlike some other storie...
 I really don't know why I agreed to watch this...
 There are some things I can never understand. ...
 The Man in the White Suit is one of those deli...
 Ahem.. I think I'll be the only one who's sayi...
 I'm not a movie maker but I do know it is hard...
 I've seen this programme a few times and the m...
 As a young teen when this came out, I complete...
 ***SPOILERS*** A hot and sexy Linda Blair as t...
 A truly excellent look at the world and the re...
 Man, I think people have forgotten how to watc...
 NO SPOILERS.<br /><br />I love horror movies, ...
 Henry Fonda brilliantly captures what we have ...
 I don't agree with one of the reviewers who co...
 The One and only was a great film. I had just ...
 I remember seeing this in a the Salem movie th...
 I'm really not going to waste my time with in ...
 Only one word can describe MR MAGOO - slapstic...
 On Broadway, A Chorus Line was pure magic. Fro...
 One of the most famous of all movie serials! S...
 The best part about this movie is that you can...
 This is the Australian TV series. It is a clas...
 As a recent convert to Curb Your Enthusiasm, w...
 I can't believe some of the scores this film i...
 I saw this on TCM recently and, through the IM...
 There is no question as to who is in command o...
 Golden Boy is ecchi humor (bordering on hentai...
 From the beginning of the movie I had a feelin...
 If the screenwriter and director intended to o...
 Yikes.<br /><br />I've seen quite a few bad mo...
 Ten out of ten stars is no exaggeration. This ...
 First of all, Blythe Danner doesn't look anywh...
 "Meatballs" is an ode to summer camp. Those of...
 I wouldn't be so quick to look at all the good...
 Everything about this show is terrible. Its pr...
 This movie just was not very funny. There's no...
 first real movie in this year. amazing long sh...
 I went it to see this film with caution. A sui...
 "The Yoke's on Me" is undoubtedly the most con...
 OK, I don't want to upset anyone who enjoyed t...
 Worst horror film ever but funniest film ever ...
 Okay, When I bought this flick I though this g...
 Dare Rudd (John Wayne) and sidekick Dink Hoole...
 As an ancient movie fan, I had heard much abou...
 This "remake" is a complete disgrace: so medio...
 My friends and I rented that movie last night ...
 I swore I would never allow myself to devolve ...
 Holy crap. This was the worst film I have seen...
 Just came out of a sneak preview for this film...
 First off, I Hate Sci Fi Stuff, And Although T...
 New Yorkers contemporaneous with this film wil...
 I really don't know much about the Marquis de ...
 The film lacks style, i mean original style. e...
 This film is definitely up there with the wors...
 "Blind Spot" one of my festival favorites. I w...
 It's hard to believe people actually LIKE this...
 I was fortunate enough to see The Last Stop he...
 For a long time it seemed like all the good Ca...
 From the start, you know how this movie will e...
 House of games has a strong story where obsess...
 Story of the creation of Underdog and adventur...
 Based on a fairly bland "best seller," this fi...
 No one is a greater fan of Geroge Macdonald Fr...
 POPEYE AND BIG FOOT **; POPEYE'S ENGINE COMPAN...
 Yes, I'm sentimental & schmaltzy!! But this mo...
 This movie is not great, but it is a good and ...
 Bugs Bunny accidentally ends up at the South P...
 This movie had lots of potential, beautiful wo...
 Considering all the teen films like "the Break...
 This film is worse than Cat People, which I sa...
 Every time the supposed explorers and we , the...
 I am a huge Randolph Scott fan, so I was surpr...
 It is considered fashion to highlight every so...
 Comparing Oceans Twelve to the 2001 Oceans Ele...
 As a person who knows the filmed ship and some...
 How has this piece of crap stayed on TV this l...
 Well I will come clean and admit that I was fo...
 It's strange what fate does to some people. Wh...
 Neatly skipping over everything from the coup ...
 If you as I have a very close and long relatio...
 I saw the 7.5 IMDb rating on this movie and on...
 surely this film was hacked up by the studio? ...
 I LOVE Don Knotts, let me just say that up-fro...
 This movie has recieved horrible ratings from ...
 As Ben Elton once observed, nothing goes quick...
 I couldn't spoil this piece of crap if I wante...
 In 2004, I wrote the following statements on a...
 I have to tell you I've been a fan of Star Tre...
 I Enjoyed Watching This Well Acted Movie Very ...
 What is the point of creating sequels that hav...
 I don't know how people can watch this - the o...
 This movie starts out promisingly, with an ear...
 We saw La Spettatrice at the Syracuse Internat...
 "Fool for Love" is one of the several now forg...
 This movie was fun, if all over the board.<br ...
 This is a really cool movie! I remember first ...
 I believe anyone who enjoyed Eisentein's Ivan ...
 When I saw LAUREN BACALL do CACTUS FLOWER on B...
 well after watching this i can say that it ain...
 This noisy, dizzying football film from direct...
 This sequel to "In the Heat of the Night" will...
 There's no denying the first Azumi film was a ...
 Some aspects of this production are good, such...
 What if Marylin Monroe, Albert Einstein, Joe D...
 It's a little disconcerting to have a characte...
 This interesting lost film (written by Terence...
 sdiner82 had clearly not seen the film in deca...
 Never when I was a child did I love any movie ...
 Kenneth Branagh's "Hamlet" hits all the marks....
 I think that most people would agree with me i...
 I've always loved horror flicks. From some of ...
 This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and...
 Not very interesting teen whodunit saved from ...
 Crackerjack is a funny movie, everyone at the ...
 In this film Gary Oldman plays a defense attor...
 Amazing, one of my favorite movies way down at...
 After reading the book, I happened across this...
 I don't want to write too much about the film ...
 I completely disagree with the previous review...
 I received this movie as a gift, I knew from t...
 Odious Chuck Norris decided to put one final n...
 I bought this film from my local blockbuster f...
 With its few touches of surrealism, LWHTRB wor...
 Otto Preminger directs this light as a feather...
 I watched this film a few nights ago and it wa...
 This, ladies and gentlemen, is truly a modern ...
 Tim Robbins did a masterful job directing this...
 How Tasty Was My Little Frenchman tells a stor...
 I'll start by apologizing to filmmakers everyw...
 I watched this movie recently and fell in love...
 I love this movie! It has everything! Bonnie H...
 I have watched this film several times over th...
 An unqualified "10." The level of writing and ...
 "Get Shorty", "Out of Sight", "Jackie Brown" (...
 OH MY GOD! After having such a promising start...
 This movie is a true masterpiece, it really is...
 "October Sky" is a film that will steal your h...
 I saw this movie on TV when it came out, and n...
 This movie was so cool! I saw it on a Friday n...
 I am a gigantic fan of both Koyaanisqatsi and ...
 This is your typical Priyadarshan movie--a bun...
 I read the novel 'Jane Eyre' for the first tim...
 The Snowqueen is one of the best love stories ...
 Wow. What a wonderful film. The script is near...
 This is probably the worst movie ever made it ...
 If you read my review of SyFy's "Dinoshark", y...
 this is my first review on IMDb, i didn't real...
 This is an extraordinary topical thriller. Fon...
 As I drove from Skagway, Alaska to Dawson City...
 This movie explores the difficulties that stra...
 As the celebration of Christmas has evolved th...
 This movie reminds me of Harry Potter - not th...
 I'm writing this because I somehow felt being ...
 I really enjoyed the first half hour of this m...
 The psychology of this movie is really weird t...
 I wasn't really fond of the first "Cube" movie...
 This is a really nice and sweet movie that the...
 I'm shocked that there were people who liked t...
 Delivers great acting and greater Special Effe...
 Before Nicholas Cage was a big action star, he...
 I've slowly been collecting the films availabl...
 Most action films are crass of Hindi cinema, e...
 There is a famous short story about a man who ...
 I went into a screening of "SISTER HELEN" at t...
 Not since "Harold and Maude" has suicide been ...
 This movie is a classic. Kids now will love it...
 For a fan series, I must admit that Hidden Fro...
 I think it's about 3 years ago when I saw this...
 "Wagons East" was a big disappointment for me....
 It seems that some viewers assume that the onl...
 Now this film isn't going to scare anyone, but...
 I must admit, I was one of the skeptics who pr...
 Though I saw this movie dubbed in French, so I...
 Where to begin? How best to describe just how ...
 This is cult stuff. My friends and I get toget...
 Even the trailer for this movie makes me cry, ...
 Just Go see this movie. It taps into everythin...
 ... Brian? what the hell were you *on* when yo...
 Yes. Bam cried a couple times and so did Englu...
 I screamed my head off because seeing this mov...
 i guess if they are not brother this film will...
 Glenn Ford, a New York boy who has been saving...
 Think of this film as fan service, a wet dream...
 I was not old enough to really appreciate the ...
 I love this film. Shehzad Khan's portrayal as ...
 While not as bad as it has been made to be (I ...
 Film critics of the world, I apologize. It is ...
 THE DEATH COLLECTOR is truly a wonderful film....
 For some inexplicable reason, Jerry's movies o...
 I was looking forward to watching this film an...
 The Only Kung Fu Epic worth watching. The best...
 Err...this movie sucked. A LOT.<br /><br />I h...
 This is one of the most brilliant movies that ...
 If you're in the mood to laugh at a truly bad ...
 Peter Sellers (one of my favorite actors) is m...
 What is interesting is that the acting; was no...
 Babs Johnson (Divine) lives in a trailer with ...
 Now i really liked this movie, it was so funny...
 While caricatures and/or references to enterta...
 This should not have been listed as a Colombo ...
 Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange feve...
 Agustus and Call really did Nothing? Why are t...
 I jumped at the chance to view this movie uncu...
 This is an evocative and idealized portrait of...
 What will be Prospero in the twentieth century...
 I hated the book. A guy meets a smart dog, get...
 OK so after watching this invigorating movie a...
 The first one was different and funny. This at...
 First, the positives: an excellent job at depi...
 This film, The Alamo:Thirteen Days to Glory, i...
 William S. Hart (as Jim Treen), the most eligi...
 I never heard of Mishima before I watched this...
 POSSIBLE SPOILER - In some way "How to Alienat...
 I saw this film on September 1st, 2005 in Indi...
 SPOILERS Edgar Rice Burroughs's famous charact...
 I wanted to watch this, to get a inside look a...
 people, get a clue! I mean, the writers dont h...
 Just got out of an advance screening, and wow ...
 "Batman: The Mystery of the Batwoman" is about...
 Michael Caine usually appears in either very g...
 Craig Brewer is now officially a writer/direct...
 I hope the viewer who regards 'Dream Machine' ...
 As you may remember I have seem all three of t...
 I love watching Australian movies but this ste...
 Hey, its great not to have to wait for the nex...
 When it comes to political movies I usually co...
 I have never posted a review before, but I had...
 I saw this originally on Channel 4 (UK) and it...
 As with some of the best films and series, I s...
 I remember I saw this cartoon when I was 6 or ...
 I don't know why this conduct was ever tolerat...
 Nothing short of magnificent photography/cinem...
 "The Core" meets "Crack in the World" (1965 ma...
 If Christopher Nolan had made Memento before F...
 Brad Pitt sticks his index finger in Diane Kru...
 I first read about the Left Behind series a fe...
 Celia Johnson is good as the Nurse. Michael Ho...
 I saw this film on television and fascinated b...
 What starts out as generational conflict in th...
 "The Vindicator" is a weird little Canadian B-...
 To my surprise I quite enjoyed 'Spacecamp', i ...
 Sure, Titanic was a good movie, the first time...
 This movie is a remake of two movies that were...
 *THIS REVIEW MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS... OR MAYBE ...
 I like this episode quite a bit, Ruth Gordon i...
 Oh what a disappointment this movie is. I can'...
 A trooper is on the side of the road making su...
 Is this the movie??? Is this what Indians are ...
 Suzumiya Haruhi no yûutsu (The Melancholy of H...
 I've always loved "Gone With The Wind" and hav...
 Evil Aliens owes a huge debt to Peter Jacksons...
 "We're both stumbling around together in this ...
 I just watched this movie for the first time a...
 The plot has something about white hunters cap...
 I did not have too much interest in watching T...
 Director Fabio Barreto got a strange Academy N...
 A priest who has abandoned his ministry meets ...
 Lifeforce starts in outer space where the HMS ...
 A Bugs Life is a great film that is not just f...
 Two things are always signs that you`re going ...
 Saw this film the first time in 1953 with my o...
 Just watched the film for the 3rd time and enj...
 I totally agree that the reenactments kill wha...
 The first five minutes of this movie showed po...
 First of all, the big named actors must need t...
 This film was made thirteen years before I was...
 Thank God for DVR and the high speed of it's f...
 She's not Michael Jordan<br /><br />Think of a...
 I do not see what is the whole deal about this...
 I was really stunned how much a film, that's o...
 Solo starts as a team of US soldiers go into S...
 I stumbled upon this movie by chance. I was tr...
 Not sure why this movie seems to have gotten s...
 "Cleo's Second Husband" is an amateurish attem...
 "Whipped" is 82 minutes long. This review is 8...
 **May Contain Spoilers**<br /><br />A luckless...
 I just viewed MURDER AT THE VANITIES in the ne...
 Stay away from this movie. Far away. Phil Fond...
 Lois Weber, self proclaimed missionary via the...
 The Bible teaches us that the love of money is...
 This movie describes a truly horrific event, t...
 This movie shocked me. It was so realistic and...
 Despite decades of tax incentives, in terms of...
 This movie took the Jerry Springer approach to...
 This was truly horrible. Bad acting, bad writi...
 This is not a horror film, but a boring sex mo...
 I recall seeing this film on TV some years ago...
 If you like horror movies with lots of blood a...
 My interpretation is that the term 'distant' i...
 I am, as many are, a fan of Tony Scott films. ...
 The movie is an adaptation of a Japanese story...
 I'm surprised by some of the comments on this ...
 Unbelievable!<br /><br />this film gets a 7 ou...
 To be completely honest, I completely intrigue...
 This was the second of three films that Irving...
 Well, I would consider Police Story as one of ...
 and abysmal, over-the-top acting, you might en...
 The actors are so bland that it's almost impos...
 This film has got to be ranked as one of the m...
 I had the greatest enthusiasm going in to the ...
 Johnny Crawford is great in this movie of a tr...
 One of my favorites. As a child, growing up in...
 When a Stranger Calls belongs to the group of ...
 I saw this last night at the Tribeca Film Fest...
 Castle in the sky is undoubtedly a Hayao Miyaz...
 The number of times I've had tears in my eyes ...
 I can tell by the other comments that NOBODY c...
 This film is so bad. I mean, who commissions t...
 Elvis Presley plays a "half-breed" Native Amer...
 Well, first off, the twins are exactly the sam...
 All I can say about this movie, is it is absol...
 Some might remember if having seen the film Ju...
 GREAT, Chris Diamantopoulos has got to be the ...
 It's reassuring to see that other IMDb reviewe...
 This movie is kind of good. It seem that they ...
 First of I should point out that I used to lov...
 Welcome to the world of Vikram Bhatt, the man ...
 I really don't have any complaints about this ...
 This movie definitely shows something and shed...
 I'm here again in your local shopping mall (of...
 The second (not animated) movie about the only...
 If only ALL animation was this great. This fil...
 This movie is very great! The acting is fine, ...
 Methinks the best screen version of Quo Vadis?...
 This is a story about Shin-ae, who moves to Mi...
 What I found so curious about this film--I saw...
 Shame is rather unique as a war film (or rathe...
 Footprints certainly isn't your average run of...
 o dear god i suffered having to watch this fil...
 I felt compelled to give some feedback on this...
 After having seen "Marrying Mafia", I'd nearly...
 ...this one. What came to my mind immediately ...
 October Sky is a highly lauded movie, and it¡¦...
 Well I gave this movie a 7. It was better than...
 Though structured totally different from the b...
 Jeff Leroy wanted to makes fun of Scientology ...
 This is the first James Cagney film I have eve...
 This is unfortunately Carlin's last recorded H...
 I´m not surprised that even cowgirls get the b...
 Right up (or down) there with Toys and Jurassi...
 Forget the fact that most people expect an act...
 I rented a copy of this one from Netflix -- bi...
 In ten words or less to describe this film, Ba...
 And now for another point of view: I didn't li...
 Although at times I was the only one in the ci...
 Hope Floats with Sandra Bullock is a real disa...
 Paul Verhoeven (genius and master film maker) ...
 Not only do the storylines in "The Sopranos" e...
 Why on earth should you explore the mesmerizin...
 I've seen better teenage werewolf movies in my...
 probably the best horror movie in 5 years.. th...
 This impossible tale is of a female witch purs...
 "The Woman in Black" is easily one of the cree...
 First off, I am critical of this movie because...
 14 years since this show was made and it is st...
 Recap: A band of five young American men, all ...
 Walter Matthau is wonderful as the "philanderi...
 It's probably a year since I saw Uzak, but it ...
 When I noticed that "Hamish Macbeth" was being...
 1st watched 7/29/2001 - 4 out of 10 (Dir-Mark ...
 Haven't played the game? Don't bother. This is...
 Of all Arnold's mid-'80s movies who would have...
 I went in to see D-War on a whim and with very...
 Basically, this movie is one of those rare mov...
 This short is a puzzlement. Words fail me here...
 My mom and I went to the Ft Worth Premiere mai...
 This is a great example of what happened at Co...
 I want to state first that I am a Christian (a...
 "The Shop Around the Corner" is one of the gre...
 Surely one of the mysteries of the modern worl...
 Gene Roddenberry never let his fans down. His ...
 Let's be fair: there are no RULES for scriptwr...
 Some 25 year olds behave like teenagers, copin...
 I thought this movie was brilliant. It was so ...
 New York attorney plots to rid himself of his ...
 One can only hope that there are many times wh...
 This was recently on AMC's vibrant movie class...
 Clocking in at an interminable three hours and...
 Yes, my summary just about tells it all.<br />...
 Director / writer Michael Winner's feature is ...
 I've seen this film in avant-premiere at Imagi...
 Shintarô Katsu, who played the blind swordsman...
 An interesting concept turned into carnage...<...
 OK, I know that a lot of people will probably ...
 This movie kind of reminds me of A Mary-Kate a...
 I have always been a fan of Bottom, grabbing a...
 I just realized why the colors and sets in "Sa...
 I am probably one of the few viewers who would...
 I really like the movie's opening, when Col. T...
 You know the old saw about a train wreck? The ...
 This one and the one prior "Toulon's Revenge" ...
 John Cusack stars as Hoops in this silly littl...
 It's quite revealing to see this today and app...
 This movie contains the worst acting performan...
 Let me start by saying that Liev has gained a ...
 OK, Chuck Norris has shown up in many an enter...
 Hilarious film about divine retribution. Camer...
 To me, "Anatomie" is certainly one of the bett...
 Steven Segal's movie career is a tribute to ho...
 This rendition of "Noah's Ark" has set Hallmar...
 This movie was awful. I had a very difficult t...
 Reading the various external reviews of Roger ...
 Very slick, very Pre-Hays Code, and still very...
 This movie is a waste of time and money. Throu...
 A VERY un-Tom and Jerry short. Jerry narrates ...
 the author of the book, by the same title, sho...
 This movie was incredible. I would recommend i...
 Magnificent, original, beautiful movie. The ac...
 This movie had so much potential. Anyone who f...
 If the creators of this film had made any atte...
 I watched Princess of the Nile for the first t...
 "All the world's a stage and its people actors...
 Yes, this movie has kids going to space camp a...
 One of Disney's best films that I can enjoy wa...
 Robert Downey Jr. in a 17th century wig and dr...
 One of my favorite westerns and one of John Fo...
 for a slasher flick,this movie is actually bet...
 "Babette's Feast" and "The Horse's Mouth" are ...
 In order to enjoy 'Fur - An imaginary portrait...
 This is certainly the worst movie i ever saw? ...
 Surface was awesome, I don't know how many Mon...
 If there's one thing that annoys me most in se...
 Nazarin by the acclaimed surrealist Bunuel is ...
 I saw this as a kid, before it had been yanked...
 Dude...I liked Buffy and Angel as much as the ...
 Sensitive film does lack brilliance and, to so...
 With this movie I was really hoping that the i...
 The saddest thing about this film is that only...
 This is about one of the worst movies I'd ever...
 This movie consists of such great emotion espe...
 This is a very rare film and probably the leas...
 The Wooden Horse is a very clever movie about ...
 Running Out of Time rests somewhere in the mid...
 I have grown up pouring over the intertwined s...
 I caught this movie on the Sundance Channel on...
 Michael Radford, the director of "The Merchant...
 This short subject gathered kudos from all kin...
 This was a waste of 75 minutes of my life. The...
 I still have grainy, late night, no-cable, che...
 I saw this film earlier today, and I was amaze...
 There is only one reason to watch this movie i...
 Just what we need! Another remake of vintage H...
 As far as fake documentaries go (fakumentaries...
 I loved All Dogs go to Heaven so much that I w...
 This show has come so far. At first EVERYONE i...
 Based on the comments made so far, everyone se...
 I had the unlucky experience of stumbling upon...
 Chris Nolan's labyrinth like noir about voyeur...
 I found the characters mediocre and the story ...
 When this movie first came out back in 1984, P...
 First of all, I wasn't sure who this film was ...
 I can't tell you all how much I love this movi...
 "The Buddy Holly Story" shows the famous singe...
 I took my 10-year-old daughter to see Nancy Dr...
 Another in the they don't make em like that ca...
 HAH! So this is the movie that the "Next Actio...
 This was a surprisingly very good movie, and a...
 'Bland' is probably the word I'd use to try an...
 The biggest and most disconcerting things of t...
 An RKO Short Subject.<br /><br />A group of ro...
 What a great word "re-imagining" is. Isn't tha...
 For me, the Tempest and its characters (by whi...
 A recent viewing of THAT'S ENTERTAINMENT has g...
 I think the film is educational. However, it f...
 This movie was recommended to me so we went to...
 That 70s Show is the best TV show ever, period...
 For us, an Abbott and Costello movie is someth...
 This was without a doubt the worst movie I hav...
 A clever overall story/location for a story. A...
 A tour deforce! OK the kid that plays Oliver i...
 For all of the hype about this film, I kept an...
 I wanted to see Valentine ever since I saw tha...
 The Godfather Part I was a stunning look insid...
 Slaughter High the tale of revenge by a nerdy ...
 Jack Frost 2 is out of the question, I'm actua...
 Chan is in New York and he gets involved with ...
 I recently saw this at the 2007 Palm Springs I...
 I saw this film when it first came out, and di...
 Adrian Pasdar is excellent is this film. He ma...
 This film, had it been done properly, has SO m...
 How many more of those fake "slice of life" mo...
 As I am always looking for something new and u...
 The choice to make this SNL skit into a movie ...
 Barbra Streisand in 1964 was still a curiosity...
 This film gets off to a bad start. An incredib...
 This movie was really bad. I mean really reall...
 Cannon pulled off a real visual beauty of a me...
 Sherlock Holmes and the Secret Weapon starts i...
 Never viewed this 1971 film and was greatly en...
 The Brighton has a traumatic drama in the brea...
 8 days no script that's what the DVD tells you...
 Blind Date (Columbia Pictures, 1934), was a de...
 OK. I admit. I'm one of those nerds who have s...
 Tweaked a little bit, 'Nothing' could be a chi...
 I have looked forward to seeing this since I f...
 The Adventures of Hercules has to be one of th...
 Ray Liotta and Tom Hulce shine in this sterlin...
 Let me say first of all that I spent a total o...
 In a poor village in Mexico, the Colonel (Fern...
 Guy Kibbee gives the viewer a lot of laughs. L...
 One of those movies where you take bets on who...
 This has to be the cheapest film made in 21st ...
 The only reason I gave this movie a 2 and not ...
 -Kidnappings in Mexico are as common as honeys...
 The early films of the Dead End Kids (before t...
 The photography on the DVD is so dark I though...
 I also joined IMDB for the sole purpose of com...
 Young couple on the road, minding their own bu...
 Family is about two families who are after eac...
 A wonderful film - a charming, quirky family s...
 This movie was amazing. Never before have I se...
 For Urban Cowboy John Travolta plays one of th...
 "Hari om" is an Indian greeting and the compel...
 If you like The Three Stooges you'll undoubted...
 I saw this movie way back at the first theatri...
 Jesus Christ, I can't believe I've wasted my t...
 Poorly cast, terrible script full of holes, ho...
 The second in director Cohen's trilogy of Seco...
 Well, I can safely say I'm human, Wong. And I ...
 ... This isn't the first time Stanley blurred ...
 This movie brings back many memories of the cl...
 Well no, I tell a lie, this is in fact not the...
 Spinal Tap was funny because if you knew a lit...
 Distasteful, cliched thriller has young couple...
 I was very moved by the young life experiences...
 This was an excellent movie - fast-paced, well...
 "Closet Land" tells a powerful story and has m...
 I participate in a Filmmaker's Symposium, and ...
 Terrible film made on a budget of about $9.99....
 Victor McLaglen, the title character of John F...
 The End Of Suburbia (TEOS) is a very useful fi...
 Kiera Nightly moved straight from the P&P set ...
 Aside from the fact that the women in the film...
 If a more masterful adaptation than this one e...
 the one and only season has just aired here in...
 I don't give much credence to AIDS conspiracy ...
 In 1895, in a small village in Japan, the wife...
 I saw this movie when it was new. Later I rent...
 I have read the whole 'A wrinkle in time' book...
 Anyone can make a movie these days. Budget, pr...
 The Derek's have over the 1980s produced a few...
 This is your typical cheerful and colorful MGM...
 The phenomenon Helge Schneider defies easy des...
 Two thirds of nearly 2,000 IMDb users who have...
 This is a student film and it's a piece of cra...
 There's something intriguing about disaster mo...
 Well, I got and saw this movie based on the ra...
 I can't add much to what has been said already...
 Possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. Pat...
 Tyrone Power was cast in the lead as Solomon. ...
 World War I gets a glossy, sepia-tinted makeov...
 This is a very beautiful and almost meditative...
 Jacqueline Hyde starts like any other normal d...
 Honore De Balzac's genuinely bizarre short sto...
 This is quite possibly the worst film I have e...
 Police story brought Hong Kong movies to moder...
 After a very disappointing Part 3, I kinda won...
 At least with the teenage geek gets the girl f...
 The animation is great, I'll concede to that. ...
 Was really looking forward to seeing a continu...
 The biggest problem with this film is that it'...
 "Radiofreccia" is still a good surprise in Ita...
 Blackwater Valley Exorcism is set on a small t...
 I'm totally surprised by some of the comments ...
 This is a movie from Toilet Pictures. If the n...
 it's a great movie for the whole family. i don...
 The ultimate gritty heist film. Elements of Bo...
 I'm sure that any legitimate submariner would ...
 There are frames in this film that could be Re...
 This was a very funny movie, not Oscar-worthy,...
 Four tales of terror regarding the events at a...
 From a plot and movement standpoint, this movi...
 I thought this movie was awful. I understand i...
 Alistair Simms is a wonder in this. He makes s...
 There is a reason why this made for British TV...
 'The 4th Floor' is a decidedly mediocre film s...
 A family moves into a old house in Japan. But ...
 Arthur Miller has always been known as one of ...
 Hardware Wars rips off EVERYTHING in Star Wars...
 What a fun movie St. Ives is. It reminds me of...
 What I liked best about this flick was the cha...
 I was so excited to see the cast in this movie...
 This film has the worst editing I've ever seen...
 The Tooth Fairy is about the ghost of an old d...
 There is no doubt that this film has an impres...
 Inexplicably, I watched this movie for the ver...
 I agree with most if not all of the previous c...
 I'll be honest- the reason I rented this movie...
 The often-reliable Leonard Maltin says this is...
 First time of seeing Buster Keaton's first fea...
 For a movie I was really looking forward to, I...
 I saw this movie the other night. I can't even...
 First saw this gem from Joe Sarno way back whe...
 Here's why the Jane Show won't work. Once agai...
 Business vs. personal conviction. Profit vs. a...
 The fight scenes play like slow-motion Jackie ...
 This is a made-for-TV and rather needless Sci-...
 I saw The D's new film tonight at a special ad...
 This movie is about this wimpy guy who decides...
 Oh my lord, what were they thinking about with...
 Recovery is an incredibly moving piece of work...
 Centered in the downtown and out skirts of Det...
 It is great to see a film starring kids whose ...
 Crimson begins with some cool jazzy music so I...
 If you're not a fan of the 80s, and you need t...
 The movie starts little cute. There are a numb...
 I could never stand watching Happy Days after ...
 Being Of Cephallonian descent, I was happily s...
 when i sat down to watch this movie i thought ...
 As a massive fan of fantasy in general, and of...
 I am not sure why I like Dolph Lundgren. I gue...
 Somehow they summed up the 60's, ten years tha...
 Not every movie with lesbian chicks and vampir...
 This is the final episode we deserved. At the ...
 At one time `Buddy Cop' movies ruled the box o...
 this movie is honestly the worst piece of rubb...
 Skippy from Family Ties goes from clean-cut to...
 "Proximity" tells of a convict (Lowe) who thin...
 Simply beautiful. One of the best mind-- umm.....
 This is the kind of film that, if it were made...
 William Powell is Philo Vance in "The Kennel M...
 Too bad Chuck Norris has gone to TV. He made s...
 This sure is one comedy I'm not likely to forg...
 Johnny Knoxville and the boys of Jackass go ov...
 Henri Verneuil's film may be not so famous as ...
 You can never have seen either film and still ...
 Notwithstanding that "The House of Adam" is me...
 One of the serious potential environmental cos...
 This film was terrible. OK, my favourite film ...
 The 1990's begun to have day time talk shows s...
 Well, you'd better if you plan on sitting thro...
 I love old "monster movies" for the pure camp ...
 A powerful adaptation of the best-selling book...
 This focuses around the lives of four women, a...
 While I can't say whether or not Larry Hama ev...
 I literally fell asleep 3 times watching this ...
 No real plot to this one, just a series of sho...
 Yes, bad acting isn't only one thing to mentio...
 Okay, I grew up on Who, but haven't loved a Do...
 I don't know why, but i thought i've seen this...
 I've read a lot of reviews on the IMDb (well, ...
 I was so disgusted by this film, I felt obliga...
 Of so many excellent and so on in Nevskiy, one...
 The arrival of vast waves of white settlers in...
 Predictable, told a thousand times story with ...
 This romantic adventure must have seemed shock...
 This movie really deserves the MST3K treatment...
 <-----Minor Spoilers!-----><br /><br />A woman...
 Saw this at the Hong Kong International Film F...
 Absolutely horrific film. Ameteurish and it is...
 This movie is about development. People growin...
 This movie had all the elements to be a smart,...
 This movie was hysterical. I haven't laughed t...
 I am a huge fan of big, loud, trashy, complete...
 A talented high school graduating senior with ...
 This movie is a touching story about an advent...
 i two came home from school fast as i could to...
 This film is a flagrant rip-off of one of the ...
 If you're a sane person and you have seen film...
 ...except for Jon Heder. This guy tanked the e...
 Many consider BEAST STABLE to be the last of t...
 The only reason I DVRd this movie was because ...
 Perfect for families with small children who a...
 I found myself getting increasingly angry as t...
 "The James Dean Story" is introduced as "A dif...
 Now I remember what the 'indie' filmmakers wer...
 I am afraid I will have to add my name to the ...
 I have just watched the whole 6 episodes on DV...
 This movie is plain fun.I has nothing to do wi...
 When I was a kid we always used to be babysat,...
 Like TALK RADIO, THE BOOTH is actually kinda p...
 Released at a time when Duvivier was going aga...
 This film was a yawn from titles to credits, i...
 Except people apparently buy into this garbage...
 Motorama viewers should already by keen on oth...
 The penultimate collaboration between director...
 Let me just start out by saying that Tourist T...
 Two people living in the same flat complex fin...
 First of all, f117 is not high tech any more a...
 This is one of the best episode from the secon...
 Reba sucks. It sucks hard. It's about this awf...
 New York family is the last in their neighborh...
 I gather at least a few people watched it on S...
 I have to admit that for the first half hour o...
 The novelty of hearing clean-cut Jay Leno spou...
 Being the prototype of the classical Errol Fly...
 Yes, dumb is the word for this actress. I know...
 With the runaway success of "God's Army", ever...
 The recent DVD release of Good Humor Man label...
 William Faulkner was one of the American write...
 First of all i'd just like to say this movie r...
 The Happiest Days of Your Life showcases some ...
 Eghads, what a bad movie. Tart is perhaps the ...
 I could almost wish this movie had not been ma...
 What a waste of precious time! My 5-year-old d...
 this film explores if not creates a whole new ...
 When "The Net" was first being advertised, the...
 This is the first film I've watched from the I...
 I am a Christian, and thought this movie was p...
 An American in Paris is a showcase of Gene Kel...
 I was hoping this would be a good weekly vehic...
 The film starts to slowly when we got to the c...
 I'm at this very moment debating whether I sho...
 Seriously, I don't understand how Justin Long ...
 I'd really, really wanted to see this movie, a...
 If you like soap-series, you might like this f...
 I think that if I went to a first school somew...
 I rented I AM CURIOUS-YELLOW from my video sto...
 (spoilers)<br /><br />I shoulda figured. The d...
 As a former 2 time Okinawan Karate world champ...
 WOW, this movie was so horrible. I'm so glad i...
 This is just about the WORST piece of garbage ...
 I am SURE there is some sort of IMDB cult that...
 Here's yet another movie with dysfunctional le...
 "Erendira" is a film from Mexico that is rarel...
 I watched this movie in 75 and this movie was ...
 The Hell's Angels did come out the losers in t...
 Blind Spot's images are great. The action draw...
 Rarely does a film capture such intense drama ...
 Loved Joan. Great performance. What isn't she ...
 This is a really dumb movie. It could be fun w...
 After an anonymous phone call about a spacecra...
 "From C. Jay Cox, the writer of the hit comedy...
 Story says that on that on December 28, 1895, ...
 Tarentino should be ashamed to be involved wit...
 I found it hard to like anyone in this film. T...
 I just saw this film at the Sidewalk Film Fest...
 Maybe it was the fact that I saw Spider-man th...
 Quote: theurgist: Anyone with an I.Q. over 50 ...
 Don't get me wrong , I want to see marijuana l...
 Me being one was probably having a brain fart ...
 The following are some of the most blaring pro...
 After stabbing a retarded boy, the fifteen yea...
 Not even original in the plot. Ho hum. There w...
 Dr Tarr's Torture Dungeon is about a journalis...
 I normally love Jackie Chan movies but this on...
 I had the TV on for a white noise companion an...
 Was it really necessary to include embarrassin...
 This is the essence of the early eighties! The...
 "Scary Movie 2" is a let down to the Scary Mov...
 (Spoilers galore) This is an absolutely awful ...
 I`m in two minds about FOLLOWING , the film de...
 I had started to lose my faith in films of rec...
 When I first viewed the trailer,I have to deci...
 Robert Cummings, Laraine Day and Jean Muir sta...
 A squashy slapstick mess posing as a comedy. E...
 I just saw this film last night in the 2006 Tr...
 Because that's all she does through out this w...
 Excellent plot line makes this movie one of th...
 "Show me your boobies!" is not funny, and cert...
 This was my first introduction to the world of...
 Says Andy: "Nobody gets hurt, everybody wins."...
 About 20 minutes into this lame excuse for a m...
 I'm a fan of Crash and Blade Runner and this m...
 This film would usually classify as the worst ...
 You got to see it to believe it. Shot in Holly...
 I don't watch soaps. My grandmother still watc...
 This is an oft-used line, but it really sums u...
 If there's one cartoon that helped to put UPA ...
 There wasn't a day in 2002 where i wasn't chas...
 The marriage of an upscale New York City coupl...
 I don't know what neighborhoods the folks who ...
 As Peckinpah did with STRAW DOGS, and Kubrick ...
 Opera opens with a very close-up shot of a bir...
 Okay, let me start off by saying that nothing ...
 My family truly enjoyed this movie. As far as ...
 Chris Noth plays a maniac who wrote a children...
 The only positive thing I can think of regardi...
 I rented this movie when it came out on video ...
 The title of this film nearly put me off watch...
 Hello again, I have to comment on this wonderf...
 i was flipping through the channels and had to...
 I have just lost three hours of my life to thi...
 I have zero interest rap and in ghetto culture...
 Joseph L. Mankiewicz's Sleuth didn't need a re...
 I say 'I'd figure' in that line because, frank...
 'A New Generation' is the third Amityville ent...
 an awesome made for the sci-fi channel movie w...
 THE NIGHT EVELYN CAME OUT OF THE GRAVE (Emilio...
 Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House may be th...
 I saw the film tonight at a free preview scree...
 Soylent Green is a classic. I have been waitin...
 This is just horrible, really horrible trash. ...
 Robert Urich was a fine actor, and he makes th...
 ------ Spoilers----- Spoilers----- Spoilers---...
 Formula flick of guy who wants girl, guy who w...
 God, did I hate this movie! I saw it at a snea...
 The hilarious team that brought you 'CNNNN' an...
 Stumbled over this film on Amazon.com. Had nev...
 If I only had one camera that was accidentally...
 Heh, if I tell you to compare The Dark Knight ...
 Here is one of those educational short films m...
 I haven't yet read the Kurt Vonnegut book this...
 Someone commented that Charlie Sheen's charact...
 Like most people, i was drawn to buy this film...
 A beautiful film.John Garfield's character is ...
 Being a fan of ZaSu Pitts comedies, I thought ...
 I don't think I have ever seen a better movie ...
 OK...before I even start the more or less cons...
 I loved watching ''Sea Hunt '' back in the day...
 I think this is one of the best tamil movies i...
 This is just plain bad. Sometimes remakes, eve...
 After seeing the 'oh so acclaimed' Fargo and t...
 An American in Paris was, in many ways, the ul...
 This wasn't all that great. Not terrible or ha...
 This film was so amateurish I could hardly bel...
 Found this movie in a rental store. Never hear...
 This is a Frank Loesser masterpiece of amusing...
 The superb star quality of Gerard Philipe, who...
 and it's only January, still I'm sure of it!<b...
 Just a regular Jason lee movie, There were som...
 Tony Hawk Underground came at a point where th...
 Ok, if you like yer monster moovies sullen, st...
 I didn't expect much from the movie so am not ...
 When this movie firt came out in 1995, I found...
 Seriously crappy movie.<br /><br />First off, ...
 Just saw a pre-screening tonight. What can I s...
 This film has been scaring me since the first ...
 Not having heard of this film, it came as a su...
 This was something I had been looking forward ...
 A wonderful, free flowing, often lyrical film ...
 I only watched this because it was directed by...
 What a cast...and what a waste of it. Seriousl...
 One of the better Vance films succeeds more on...
 The American Humane Association, which is the ...
 French film directors continue to amaze with t...
 I was lucky enough to see Zero Day last night....
 Warning: Herzog is a filmaker, and as such ten...
 Duchess and her three kittens are enjoying the...
 This was a real let down for me. The original ...
 The Three Stooges in a feature length western ...
 God! Zorro has been the the subject of about a...
 This film stars Peter Lorre as an exceptionall...
 I couldn't believe it when I put this movie in...
 I am probably one of the few who actually read...
 Frankie Darro was a wonderful child actor who ...
 This movie, although well shot and superbly ac...
 This was the worst movie I have ever seen. I h...
 Usually when a movie receives a vote of one it...
 i was greatly moved when i watched the movie.h...
 Just watched this on DVD three times - Once th...
 There is an endless supply of trashy horror mo...
 "Mad Dog Time"..."Trigger Happy" whatever you ...
 In my years of attending film festivals, I hav...
 In "Hoot", Mullet Fingers is engaging in sabot...
 Or maybe not. Whatever anyone thinks of "Broad...
 The author of "Nekromantik", Jörg Buttgereit's...
 "The Matador" is a dark comedy starring Pierce...
 About the only thing I liked about this film i...
 "Garden State" is another of these "indie"-typ...
 ET's obsession with Dannielynn Smith is despic...
 As this movie unfolds you start to feel the co...
 I gave it an 8 only because it had received su...
 For all losers who gave it negative review,its...
 The only reason I saw this movie was for Jimmy...
 Sam Kleinman (Peter Falk) comes to his son's p...
 I caught "Sorrows Lost" at the New York Film a...
 Here is a movie that was so pedestrian for 90%...
 I also viewed this film at the Santa Barbara F...
 The French Naudet brothers did something nobod...
 For those unfamiliar with Paddy Chayefsky, thi...
 Well this is a typical "straight to the toilet...
 A very credible and unsettling movie portrayin...
 I almost didn't rent this because of all the b...
 Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it ...
 This is one of those movies you think that the...
 As a "rebuttle" of sorts to the AFI's top 100 ...
 I enjoyed Carax's "Les Amants du Pont Neuf" an...
 I thought it was weird and just gory, not scar...
 I saw this movie about a year ago, and found i...
 Henry Fool is a better film. But this is the p...
 Hollywood does it again. Lots of money, no cre...
 I should have trusted my instincts better: No ...
 This film looked promising but it was actually...
 Not a terrible film -- my 10 year old boy love...
 LOL! Not a bad way to start it. I thought this...
 This is definitely a "lesser known" comedy sho...
 The two things are are good about this film ar...
 The super sexy B movie actress has another bit...
 This film is so ridiculously idiot that you ma...
 Given the title, this first follow-up to QUART...
 What can you say about this movie? It was not ...
 Saw this in the theater in '86 and fell out of...
 Yet again, I appear to be the only person on p...
 The movie is basically a boring string of appa...
 Ah, a Kelly/Sinatra sailor-suit musical. So fa...
 Sudden Impact is the best of the five Dirty Ha...
 I had the misfortune to watch this last night ...
 In this episode, a man and his dog go 'coon hu...
 Let me begin by saying that I adore the book a...
 This is a formula B science fiction movie, and...
 Its gonna be hard to make this fill 10 lines.....
 When a man who doesn't have Alzheimer's can't ...
 I studied Charlotte Bronte's novel in high sch...
 Outragously entertaining period piece set in t...
 So many wonderful actresses in one film serve ...
 I was referred to this movie by a friend. I ha...
 "Electra Glide in Blue" is a slow moving B-fli...
 The biggest mystery of Veronica Mars is not on...
 This is an excellent but hard to find trippy W...
 Shakalaka Boom Boom is a rip off from the movi...
 "The Screaming Skull" opens with a warning and...
 Shame, is a Swedish film in Swedish with Engli...
 .....and it's a good one, too. In fact, this m...
 I normally don't comment on movies on IMDB, bu...
 There was a lot about Little Vera that was str...
 There is a clever little scene in The Karen Ca...
 Great movie -I loved it. Great editing and use...
 -The movie tells the tale of a prince whose li...
 Well it certainly stunned me - I can not belie...
 This film made for French TV deals with the tr...
 I saw this film when it was released to the mi...
 I had my reservations about watching The Retur...
 Movies about dinosaurs can be entertaining. So...
 If regarded as an independent feature I can't ...
 This picture came out in 1975 and it was the s...
 Road to Perdition, a movie undeservedly overlo...
 Trite and unoriginal. It's like someone watche...
 Takashi Miike's incursion into kiddie territor...
 One reasons why they call the 80's, "The Aweso...
 James Cagney (The Yankee Doodle Dandy Boy) was...
 "Yokai Daisenso" is a children's film by Takas...
 It's about time we see a movie that stays unbi...
 The Color Purple is about the struggles of lif...
 Peter Watkins' rarely seen Punishment Park is ...
 Dudley Moore is fantastic in this largley unkn...
 Although I didn't like Stanley & Iris tremendo...
 Don't get me wrong, I love action and revenge ...
 The movie concerns about Philip(Leslie Howard)...
 Scoop *** out of **** Woody Allen is definitel...
 If you are planning to watch 'Partner' and are...
 This is one of the best action films I have se...
 As is often the case, films about self-loathin...
 An unfunny, unworthy picture which is an undes...
 This film reminded me of The Sopranos, and not...
 I recently stumbled across a TV showing of "Pa...
 No doubt intended as a totally campy joke, "Fu...
 So-so thriller starring Brad Pitt and Juliette...
 Describing Stalingrad as a war film may be a b...
 Devil's Experiment: 1/10: Hardcore porn films ...
 Composed, elegant Carol (marvelously played by...
 No, there is another !<br /><br />Because ever...
 I absolutely love this show, but I saw the sec...
 I have never watched a movie that frustrated m...
 I have not yet seen anyone slate this film and...
 The final entry in the On The Buses trilogy se...
 "Broken Bow" takes us back to where it all beg...
 The old axiom that bored people are boring peo...
 I love comedies and I love independent films, ...
 The reason the DVD releases of this film are i...
 Du rififi chez les hommes is a brilliant film ...
 AristoCats is such a terrific Disney classic t...
 I saw this film at a small screening. Even tho...
 For those who loved "Wayne's World"..."The Blu...
 Great movie! oh yeah! Full of energy, full of ...
 Saw this movie when it first came out in the 1...
 Personally I've watched it because of Lea Thom...
 Smallville episode Justice is the best episode...
 This film had my heart pounding. The acting wa...
 A prequel to the re-imagined Battlestar Galact...
 It's getting worse, the series is on a serious...
 First time I ever saw this was at a friends ho...
 Thunderbirds (2004) <br /><br />Director: Jona...
 This movie pleasantly surprised me. It has a t...
 This has got to be the worst horror movie I ha...
 When a friend and I saw this in the recent rel...
 Inspired at least a little by Ivy Benson & Her...
 "In the Mood for Love" a teasing allegory of l...
 i've heard a lot about the inventive camera-wo...
 Manhattan apartment dwellers have to put up wi...
 Where do I start? Per the title of this film I...
 First I have to admit that I have had some dou...
 I really didn't like this film. The plot was v...
 This movie is the funniest danish movie I've e...
 The Railway Children is perhaps my favorite fi...
 OMG this was the most painful experience of my...
 The Hand of Death aka Countdown in Kung Fu (19...
 I guess the previous "House" movie was a hit, ...
 This Bravo special is one of the most purely e...
 When you're making a thriller about witchcraft...
 People who know me say I have a weakness for a...
 During my teens or should I say prime time I w...
 Contrary to the comment posted directly below,...
 Disappointing heist movie indeed, I was actual...
 Another enjoyable Warner flick. I really liked...
 The only good thing about Persepolis is the sh...
 A young girl surviving as a prostitute.<br /><...
 Horrible ending - and I can't believe Moore sp...
 The worst thing I have ever watch.<br /><br />...
 The guy mentioned to sue for the 1.5 hours was...
 This is the first American film to successfull...
 BIG FAT LIAR, in my opinion, is an absolutely ...
 The premise of the movie had much going for it...
 Reed Diamond plays a man suffering from amnesi...
 This is by far the worst horror/thriller I've ...
 Recovery is a well-judged and balanced drama o...
 Rather than go on location and make a realisti...
 First of all, I would like to clarify that I c...
 Being that this movie has a lot of fine entert...
 The Ghost Walks is a nifty little mystery with...
 I am no Ebert. What I am is a compassionate an...
 This is one of my all-time favorite films, and...
 I watched the DVD (called BLACK WIDOW in the U...
 This movie is a disgrace to the Major League F...
 A group of seven people fear they are the only...
 This really doesn't do the blues justice. It s...
 Mad scientist Professor Tabani drinks a potion...
 This show is about three little girls. (D.J, S...
 A movie about a mysterious love letter that pu...
 Based on Elmore Leonard, this is a violent and...
 A bloody maniac with cannibalistic tendencies ...
 It is now clear that the true golden age of Am...
 If you really, truly want to waste two hours o...
 ....and now I'm up to episode #7. I really was...
 At times I really wonder when I look at the c...
 When you start watching this animation-masterp...
 Being an avid Carpenter Fan, I really loved th...
 Rich ditzy Joan Winfield (a woefully miscast B...
 The plot was really weak and confused. This is...
 This film is not only the last piece of the Th...
 The 100 black and white half-hour episodes of ...
 Man the ending of this film is so terribly unw...
 This is a re-imagining of Tarzan in the era of...
 Talk about being boring!<br /><br />I got this...
 Rarely does one find a movie so bad that it ac...
 I recently saw this movie for the first time. ...
 This is a film which should be seen by anybody...
 Personally, I disdain The Jerry Springer Show,...
 George Lopez never caught my interest in his s...
 I agree with so many of the other reviewers he...
 I haven't laughed this hard at a movie in a lo...
 Well this movie was probobly one of the funnie...
 Plot: None. Script: A string of cliches. Actin...
 I am dumbfounded that I actually sat and watch...
 There is a certain genius behind this movie. I...
 Not since The Simpsons made it's debut has the...
 If this film strikes you (as it did us and, ap...
 Veteran TV director Ted Post treats us to a pl...
 This movie really sucks. This is my second rev...
 This title seems more like a filming exercise ...
 I like the "Star Wars" series. I like a good, ...
 ...But not this one! I always wanted to know "...
 This is the only Christopher Guest movie that ...
 "Jason Priestly stars as 'Breakfast', a psycho...
 This movie is a crappy and forgettable Sean Co...
 Are you kidding me? This is quite possibly the...
 I mean the word "pedestrian". Seems the produc...
 People call this a comedy, but when I just wat...
 Maybe it wasn't that good as a whole, but the ...
 Not very impressed. Its difficult to offer any...
 This program is certainly my favorite non-sitc...
 ...I can't believe there are actually people h...
 What is night vision? Well according to the st...
 Being a HUGE fan of the bottom series i was re...
 How this piece of garbage was put to film is b...
 Are we talking about the same movie? This movi...
 I love the first and third Beastmasters, but t...
 I've always liked Fred MacMurray, andalthough...
 Return to Sender, a.k.a. Convicted, is almost ...
 In the eighties, Savage Steve Holland put out ...
 This is the best film version of Dicken's clas...
 I borrowed this movie despite its extremely lo...
 What exactly is the point of pretending to "co...
 I have to say that Higher Learning is one of t...
 This is a modest, character driven comedy, fil...
 I've been a fan of Rachael's since the beginni...
 Stay away from this movie at all costs. I was ...
 Full House is one of the worst TV series ever!...
 WAIT until you've watched most of all other fi...
 Well! What can one say? Firstly, this adaptati...
 Why? Why? Why on earth no one tells the truth ...
 I actually liked this movie until the end. Sur...
 I nearly fell asleep during a screening of thi...
 badly directed garbage. a mediocre nihilist sa...
 My reasoning behind viewing this film (despite...
 This almost documentary look at an enterprisin...
 Actor Paxton made his directorial debut with t...
 I loved this movie! OH MY GOSH! This movie roc...
 This movie was crap with a capital "C." The op...
 Being an American service member please believ...
 This movie is a clumsy mishmash of various gho...
 PAGE 3 **** out of 4 Stars<br /><br />Madhvi (...
 This movie really kicked some ass. I watched i...
 This fantastic whodunit is an early prototype ...
 Feeding the Masses is just one of many recent ...
 Target is the story of a special agent who, af...
 I purchased this movie on blu-ray because it p...
 I know a lot of people have said don't bother ...
 ...and you can look at that statement in diffe...
 Back in 2004 I saw "True", Tom Tykwer's contri...
 Unentertaining, uninvolving hybrid of "Cruel I...
 There are few films that have had me waiting a...
 The only reason I decided to view this film is...
 Trick or Treat, Quickie Review This zany romp ...
 Ben & Arthur COULD have been a 10. Sam Mraovic...
 I've lost count of the times I have seen this ...
 "Why did they make them so big? Why didn't the...
 While visiting Romania with his CIA dad, Tony(...
 I've been watching Attack Of The Show religiou...
 It may have been thrilling for an audience in ...
 "Brotherhood of Satan" is one of the most unde...
 Rudyard Kipling once wrote that God gave to al...
 I went into "The Closer She Gets" knowing that...
 Gentle and genial film seems to have been over...
 Anyone remember the docudrama THREADS ? It's a...
 From the beginning of the film I found myself ...
 I saw this film at its New York's High Falls F...
 What do you expect when there is no script to ...
 Veber is not renown for his outstanding direct...
 A ridiculous movie, a terrible editing job, wo...
 Two escaped convicts step out of the woods and...
 The most hardcore bad film buff will be surpri...
 I went out of my way to get this film, and was...
 This film launched my theory about films based...
 A wonderfully thoughtful and involving movie t...
 Horror is perhaps one of two genres where logi...
 This movie is very much like every other moder...
 I rarely comment on films but I've read the ot...
 This film features two of my favorite guilty p...
 I love sci-fi and am willing to put up with a ...
 This movie start quite gruesomely with a femal...
 Rob Estes, Josie Bisset and a crap load of kid...
 I originally saw this film years ago during Ci...
 Well it's not often that we in the UK have a f...
 This was shown on a premium channel, so I didn...
 This is the worst thing the TMNT franchise has...
 What an extraordinary crime thriller!! My wife...
 This is easily the worst adaptation of Greek m...
 this move was friggin hilarious!!! funniest I'...
 Bette Davis brings her full trunk of tics to t...
 I actually prefer Robin Williams in his more s...
 The energetic young producer of theatrical pro...
 I happened to catch this movie on late night T...
 While it's true that the movie is somewhat int...
 This is a very odd film ... I wasn't really su...
 Otto Preminger's "The Man with the Golden Arm"...
 I've just watched Roll and what a pleasure it ...
 <br /><br />It's a generic coming-of-age story...
 A pointless cash-in with nothing to contribute...
 A good cast and they do their best with what t...
 This is the kind of movie you regret you put i...
 The power to dream is a wonderful thing. There...
 OK, the show was a little uneven, but I still ...
 Eglimata (= Crimes) is a story about little cr...
 This was the only time I ever walked out on a ...
 "Dô desu ka den" is the first colored movie of...
 For starters, "Hobgoblins" tries to ape the mo...
 The original movie, The Odd Couple, has some w...
 I just witnessed a movie that by all rights sh...
 I vaguely remember this film. I do remember it...
 A well cast summary of a real event! Well, act...
 Gus Van Sant has made some excellent films. I ...
 I am a huge Shirley Temple fan. When I saw thi...
 Jennifer Grey seems the unlikeliest of romanti...
 I just saw this movie today with my children (...
 I bought this movie exciting a gloriously grat...
 A holiday on a boat, a married couple, an angr...
 Oliver Stone hits the bull's eye with this fil...
 Low budget mystery. A shot rattles out of the ...
 WrestleMania 6 took place April 1, 1990 at the...
 Elephant Walk (1954) Starring an early Peter F...
 I guess that everyone has to make a comeback a...
 Reviewed at the World Premiere screening Sept....
 this movie is similar to Darkness Falls,and Th...
 <br /><br />As with the other episodes in this...
 I was truly and wonderfully surprised at "O' B...
 I just got done watching The Edge of Love (by ...
 I saw this film about twenty years ago on the ...
 This a fascinatingly awful movie. It make so l...
 Consider for a moment what it must be like to ...
 This solid black and white slapstick comedy wi...
 I just finished reading a book on Anita Loos' ...
 Looking back on the year 2006,one of the thing...
 Don't get me wrong - I love David Suchet as Po...
 This movie is awful. At first I thought it may...
 I have been waiting for such an original pictu...
 I don't think I've really ever given Walter Ma...
 I went to this movie at a cast and crew show c...
 Now, I'm one to watch movies that got poor rev...
 Although it is more of a kids movie, it still ...
 Quite simply the funniest and shiniest film-co...
 This was directed by Ruggero Deodato, a true i...
 Deep SH.. is more like it! The eels are just c...
 Francis Ford Coppola's masterpiece was a great...
 I can understand why others reacted rather unp...
 This film is a perfect example of great escapi...
 Having watched this movie on the SciFi channel...
 This is one of the best presentations of the 6...
 Wow baby, this is indeed some fine Asian horro...
 If you are a fan, then you will probably enjoy...
 I thought that My Favorite Martian was very bo...
 Everyone is entitled to an opinion. The only c...
 I haven't seen "Hardware Wars" in years, but I...
 The Return is one of those movies for that nic...
 Obsession comes in many flavors, and exists fo...
 I grew up watching Inspector Gadget. It was, a...
 First of all that I would like to say is that ...
 How could 4 out of 16 prior voters give this m...
 Let's see, cardboard characters like Muslim te...
 One of my favourite films first saw it when I ...
 Maybe being a government bureaucrat is not the...
 Many people see this as a classic, but I obvio...
 The most notable feature of this film is the c...
 obviously has some talent attached, Maria Bell...
 Those of you who know the group dEUS, know the...
 It is interesting to see what people think of ...
 Where do I begin? I wanted to enjoy this movie...
 A lot of the user comments i have seen on the ...
 Dolelemite (1975) is a cult classic. Starring ...
 In Iran, women are officially banned from men'...
 a romance without feeling, a drama of issues w...
 I have watched this movie at least 30 times, m...
 Nora is a single mother-of-two who still wants...
 okay, but just plain dumb. Not bad for a horro...
 "Bread" very sharply skewers the conventions o...
 I watched this series after I had seen the Nak...
 I rented this thinking it might be interesting...
 This is another typical unbelievable and non-s...
 OK when I saw the previews for this movie I th...
 When I was a kid, I totally loved both Bill & ...
 This movie is based mainly on the emotions and...
 While I don't consider myself a big fan of fai...
 Can I please say first of all, that I felt so ...
 I am ashamed of myself that I actually went to...
 Ben, (Rupert Grint), is a deeply unhappy adole...
 This is probably the most uninvolving film I'v...
 Although I can see the potentially redeeming q...
 Not a knock on Korman as he was very funny on ...
 Virginal innocent Indri finds herself at a hou...
 This movie has got to be one of the worst I ha...
 "A Damsel in Distress" is definitely not one o...
 While all of the Fleischer/Famous Studios "Sup...
 Great movie in a Trainspotting style... Being ...
 Is Miike like Chabrol, alternating art with dr...
 I've just returned from a showing of "My Left ...
 When I first viewed this movie, I didn't know ...
 Margaret Mitchell spins in her grave every tim...
 Wow. They told me it was bad, but I had no ide...
 Wow, I loved this film. It may not have had th...
 An American boy goes to Paris after his mother...
 One hilarious thing I'll say off the top, is I...
 Excellent film. I cried when she cried, I love...
 There is nothing like an Oscar Wilde comedy, a...
 Other commentators have detailed the plot and ...
 This show is sheer entertainment and doesn't t...
 There is no doubt that during the decade of th...
 This show is the worst show ever! Norris and h...
 "The Ladies Man" suffers a common problem amon...
 This film is full of interesting ideas. Some s...
 What is it with Americans and their hang-up wi...
 If you have any kind of heart and compassion f...
 Just finished watching this one after getting ...
 OK enough already. this is a terrible piece of...
 Me being from Australia and loving the series,...
 Possibly the worst film within the genre in ex...
 Awful!<br /><br />Despite the good performance...
 Like another reviewer, I really wanted to like...
 Frustrated middle-aged Deputy District Attorne...
 I had heard this movie was good from a lot of ...
 I think we all begin a lot of reviews with, "T...
 I wanted to love this movie. How could I not l...
 If you are already a fan of Peter O'Donnell's ...
 Watching Marlen Brando on screen is like watch...
 Larry Clark is not renowned for his talents as...
 First time I ever felt I needed to write a rev...
 There's a brand new killer on the loose, and h...
 Formulaic to the max. Neither title reflects t...
 This is a film that has it all, the dashing he...
 The idea is a very smart title the film has a ...
 This film's basic premise is a political carto...
 Yeah, I "get" Pasolini and his milieu, but at ...
 Jake Speed (1986) was an amusing parody of Ind...
 Ok,so.....guy gets bitten by a bat and then tu...
 Catherine Zeta-Jones and Aaron Eckhart star in...
 I was looking forward to seeing two bright you...
 I have two very major complaints regarding thi...
 This is a classic stinker with a big named cas...
 Have I ever seen a film more shockingly inept?...
 This is one of my 3 favorite movies. I've been...
 Horrible, horrible TV show! Why Comedy Central...
 Though some would prefer to comment on the val...
 When I saw Alien vs. Predator a few years ago,...
 Hayao Miyazaki name became prominent with Spit...
 My wife and I saw this when we were 17. The on...
 As interesting as a sheet of cardboard, this d...
 Assassin Hauser's (John Cusak) mission is to w...
 Now my friends, films like "La Bête" (aka "The...
 I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really...
 I see quite a few positive reviews on this boa...
 First of all, Jenna Jameson is the best actres...
 Omar Epps is an outstanding actor. I really th...
 A big waste of time is all you'll get out of t...
 This is actually a trilogy of 3 of Somerset Ma...
 I loved this film! Markie Post is really great...
 I can't think of anything, I repeat, ANYTHING ...
 I've been a devoted IMDB visitor for a few yea...
 MULHOLLAND DRIVE made me the definitive fan of...
 Wow. At first I thought who writes these thing...
 This movie is true action at its finest, It do...
 I channel surfed past this many times, mainly ...
 For those too young to remember, or too old to...
 This movie could be used in film classes in a ...
 This is a tepid docu-drama that covers no new ...
 Karloff and Lugosi - Together again! This is o...
 I really enjoyed the performances of the main ...
 It is high time that American critics and fans...
 OK with Coolio in it I should have known bette...
 Beautiful attracts excellent idea, but ruined ...
 What people fail to understand about this movi...
 This film is a bit reminiscent of the German f...
 this show disturbs me. it takes up slots on ni...
 The cover art (which features a man holding a ...
 Some giant scorpions are on a submarine and ki...
 Deceptive Advertising... I saw a commercial fo...
 This show uses a rather tired sitcom formula o...
 When I first watched this show on Cartoon Netw...
 Following a roughly 7 year rocky road on NBC, ...
 I thought this movie had absolutely no moral. ...
 Or that's what the filmmakers would like you t...
 This is an installment in the notorious Guinea...
 I remember catching this movie on one of the S...
 The reviewer from Poland must be a feminist, f...
 This is one of the best movies I have ever see...
 For an independent film it scores well with re...
 Let me start out by saying I'm a big Carrey fa...
 This is one of the first independent movies I'...
 Visual creative epic of inimitable style.<br /...
 Penny Princess finds American working girl Yol...
 Where do I start. Lets list the good things ab...
 This is a pretty clever, well-acted version of...
 This one's a romp; many Trek fans don't rate t...
 British comedies tend to fall into one of two ...
 Brilliant use of overstated technicolor illust...
 You like to solve mysteries? You like complex ...
 An untidy man, known as Bill, lives in a small...
 I wish I could give this movie a zero. Cheesy ...
 Randy Bowers (John Wayne) comes upon the Half ...
 I watched this film on the Hallmark Channel re...
 In Micro Phonies the stooges are at there best...
 Did the writers pay people to come up here and...
 I claim no matter how hard I seek I'll never f...
 I don't know much about film-making, but good ...
 Once a year "comes" a movie like that and make...
 I saw this movie with my mother, and I loved i...
 I've always been a great fan of Woody Allen an...
 The idea's which are shown in this film are wi...
 "Pharaoh's Army" defies formula. Instead of se...
 While not as bad as his game-to-movie adaptati...
 A dog found in a local kennel is mated with Sa...
 This movie is basically a spoof on Hitchcock's...
 I tried. I really did. I thought that maybe, i...
 The films use of blue-black and vibrant skin t...
 This would have to be one of the worst, if not...
 Forget Easy Rider - Head is THE film about the...
 This isn't far away from the trash that Bollyw...
 Oh how I laughed....this has it all...an Asian...
 After learning that her sister Susan is contem...
 Imagine a woman alone in a house for forty fiv...
 Michael Ritchie's "The Couch Trip" is a wonder...
 It was released in France on dvd several years...
 Hi, today i looked this film because of the me...
 I really don't get how people made this film a...
 A young ( only 21 ) director with great talent...
 This is a surprisingly great low budget Horror...
 John Huston finished his remarkable career wit...
 This movie should not be watched as it was mea...
 This movie came out about the same time as Pre...
 National Treasure is about as over-rated and o...
 What's to like about this movie???<br /><br />...
 This film has been lauded to the point of the ...
 I couldn't agree more with Nomad 7's and I A H...
 Some films are designed to just entertain you,...
 I'm at a loss. This entire movie made absolute...
 what a lousy movie, took me 3 times to finish ...
 I liked the first movie, but this is a textboo...
 A very weird, psychedelic, esoteric, (and did ...
 Slow, Slow, Slow... There is no mystery or exc...
 The spoiler warning is for those people who wa...
 In my opinion, this movie's title should be ch...
 I thought it was not the best re-cap episode I...
 I watched the whole movie, waiting and waiting...
 An excellent example of what happens when one ...
 That's what me and my friends kept asking each...
 Renown writer Mark Redfield (as Edgar Allen Po...
 Rather nasty piece of business featuring Bela ...
 My wife wanted to see this movie and I grudgin...
 I couldn't stand to watch very much of this cr...
 Contains Spoiler The movie is a good action/co...
 Tiny Toons is the first cartoon I remember wat...
 there was some truth to this movie. I remember...
 I never fail to be amazed and horrified by the...
 I absolutely hate this programme, what kind of...
 it's hard to tell the actors from the non-acto...
 Wow, I swear this has never happened to me bef...
 I went to see it 2 times this movie, a friend ...
 I usually have a difficult time watching a TV ...
 I admire Deepa Mehta and this movie is a maste...
 How to round up every possible cliché and ster...
 "Masks" is a moving film that works on many le...
 I understand that this movie is made for kids ...
 THE MEMORY KEEPER'S DAUGHTER in the form of a ...
 Rock solid giallo from a master filmmaker of t...
 I love B movies, but I like to be aware from t...
 I went in to this thinking another gross movie...
 I picked up this video after reading the text ...
 *May be spoilers* No doubt one of the best dra...
 I saw this film in its premier week in 1975. I...
 One of the worst movies I've seen shoddy camer...
 Less than two hundred and fifty years ago, the...
 In a time when Hollywood is making money by sh...
 This film is one that played very well back in...
 Tony Goldwyn is a good actor who evidently is ...
 1st watched 2/18/2007 - 4 out of 10(Dir-Leon L...
 I gave this more than a 1 because I did think ...
 when I know that Walter will never grace anoth...
 A better film could have been made to portray ...
 I have not read the novel, or anything other b...
 Murder in Mesopotamia, I have always considere...
 Based on the idea from Gackt, Moon Child took ...
 I went to see this film last night at the Nati...
 I want to add to the praise for the production...
 This is an excellent movie. Phoolan had no rol...
 If John Waters had written and directed "House...
 This was a Hindi movie. Hindi=Horrible. reason...
 1991 saw the release of the two best sequels o...
 I would of enjoyed this film but Van Damme jus...
 I thought this was a great idea but, boy, was ...
 This movie is called "Solomon Kane". Which it ...
 This movie is just boring.<br /><br />It tries...
 The movie never becomes intolerable to watch. ...
 Just saw this film the other day at the Santa ...
 Many of us who went through high school probab...
 Every movie Quentin Tarantino has made has bec...
 For a movie shot in 18 days and a budget less ...
 Ok let's start with saying that when a dutch m...
 The movie is good and I think Tiffany Amber is...
 When the Chamberlain family is camping near Ay...
 The performances of Fishbourne (who appears st...
 Sure, the concept had already been done with A...
 Wow, there's a lot of venom directed at this m...
 this is just a terrible 'comedy' -- it really ...
 At the end of "Dragon Heat," all I could think...
 You see a movie titled 'battlespace', what are...
 German-born Turkish director Faith Akin captur...
 The quintessential road movie...if your idea o...
 COC had its moments. I enjoyed the action sequ...
 A suprisingly good film considering the circum...
 This early role for Barbara Shelley(in fact,he...
 This movie is a desperate attempt to ride the ...
 Harrison Ford plays Sergeant Dutch Van Den Bro...
 Mary Lou is a slut whose spirit seeks revenge ...
 The plot: Four people are caught in an elevato...
 This film was nothing more than exploitative g...
 The explosion of TV channels must be eternally...
 This show is a great history story. It's has e...
 Not finding the right words is everybody's pro...
 This movie is great. Best acting i have ever s...
 Horror films are a curious thing, sometimes th...
 This will be brief. Let me first state that I'...
 On the whole one wishes this was a better film...
 Another 'good overcoming evil' story, but with...
 Burt Reynolds plays Gator McKlusky, a likable ...
 In the autobiographical coming-of-age tale "Ro...
 Who ever put that review as 'of bad taste' is ...
 Neat premise. Very unrealistic. What I learned...
 This film appears to be an exposé of the curre...
 It seems incredible that the same decade which...
 It was obvious that this movie is designed to ...
 I can admit that the screenplay isn't very goo...
 Virgin is selected to marry rich guy. Rich guy...
 This is a strong movie from a historical and e...
 "A young woman suffers from the delusion that ...
 I actually enjoyed Tycus, if not for much more...
 I'm almost embarrassed to admit to seeing CALI...
 I thought this film was just about perfect. Th...
 This movie has been advertised for over three ...
 I just saw this film tonight and I have to say...
 For a comedy this has a decent and inventive p...
 There are few films that leave me with the fee...
 This is the first 10 out of 10 that I've given...
 I sort of accidentally ended up watching this ...
 Sheba Baby is always underrated most likely be...
 I don't think any movie of Van Damme's will ev...
 The film opens with a peaceful shot of a tradi...
 <br /><br />"Lets swap Murders- your wife, my ...
 Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer wh...
 I loved so much about this movie...the time ta...
 First, let me state that I am a big fan of Ash...
 I watch lots of scary movies (or at least they...
 Any movie that has nude scenes of Karen Allen ...
 I would like to comment on the movie April Lov...
 Although this film is somewhat filled with eig...
 Sonny Chiba, as everyone knows, is the man. In...
 I did a review for this director's fictional r...
 There is a scene in Dan in Real Life where the...
 A bad bad movie... terrible plot, hinges on Bo...
 A lot of the comments seem to treat this film ...
 Some said that this was a nose candy glorifica...
 A rather disappointing film. The club scenes w...
 Sure, most of the slasher films of the 1980's ...
 I have had more boring stretches of 80 minutes...
 An interesting thriller that has Paul Winfield...
 Dolemite is a blaxploitation film about, well,...
 I saw this movie for a number of reasons the m...
 So, I got a hold of this as an assignment for ...
 Slausen's Lost Oasis. . . a place for food, fu...
 As an anti-football person, I (on the surface)...
 "Read My Lips (Sur mes lèvres)" (which probabl...
 I don't know where most of you were at, but wh...
 This was a top-notch movie with a top-notch ca...
 Honestly, at first, I watched this movie becau...
 This wilfully bizarre adaptation of Borges sho...
 This is just one more example of the absolute ...
 Just got my copy of this DVD two disc set and ...
 At what point exactly does a good movie go bad...
 Notable because of it's notorious explicit sce...
 This solid little horror film is actually one ...
 I first saw "Death in Venice" 1971) about 15 y...
 This is a kind of genre thing, meaning you eit...
 I wasn't sure where this was headed until the ...
 The movie was very moving. It was tender, and ...
 I see people writing about how great this movi...
 This movie is so bad there are not words to de...
 Abysmal pulp adventure exploitation in the jun...
 I've got to say that I'm not a massive fan of ...
 Personally, I think that the film was done ver...
 This is by far one of the most boring and horr...
 STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important fil...
 Okay, I didn't get the Purgatory thing the fir...
 I got hold of this film on DVD with the title ...
 This is a case of a bunch of people thinking t...
 Nick Cage is Randall Raines, a retired car thi...
 This is one of those movies you see in the vid...
 I first saw The Victim (aka Out Of Contention)...
 David "master of debonair" Niven plays the Big...
 There seems to be little in the way of middle ...
 This final installment of the "Airport" franch...
 so if a guy meets you and he says 'I want you ...
 For avid Sci-Fi fans this movie is just what y...
 Two kinds of movies we like are (1) westerns, ...
 If you've ever wanted to see a film that stres...
 Sometimes a premise starts out good, but becau...
 William H. Macy is brilliant as Everyman caugh...
 Man about the house is a true situation comedy...
 Adrian has just gone out of the asylum, being ...
 A quite easy to watch tale of 2 thieves, with ...
 Its such a shame that an important film like t...
 This movie is a terrible attempt at a spoof. I...
 This is a film that left me breathless...........
 <br /><br />Crackerjack, starring Mick Malloy ...
 My favourite movie of all time. This was a fla...
 I really wanted to like this film and I don't ...
 Julie Brown hilariously demolishes Madonna's a...
 Highly flawed but just about watchable `comedy...
 I have seen this film probably a dozen times s...
 I never comment on a film, but I have to say t...
 If Edward Woodward was the the flicks watching...
 Warning--this film has some amazingly graphic ...
 I was the Production Accountant on this movie,...
 I suppose it depends on when one actually sees...
 Beethovan Lives Upstairs is a very bad movie. ...
 When I decided to try watching a movie about c...
 I really wanted to be able to give this film a...
 We have an average family. Dad's a famous rapp...
 "Sir" John Gielgud must have become senile to ...
 Apparently I am swimming against the tide of t...
 Some bad reviews here for this and I understan...
 The core issues at play (God & Satan / Good & ...
 I have to say this is one of the best movie i ...
 I'm guessing that we all, no matter if we are ...
 I don't think this movie had the effect on me ...
 Yes sure, this is a Friday the 13th rip off bu...
 Up until the last few minutes of the movie, I ...
 the acting is good.thats the positives out of ...
 Like the above poster, I got burned on the tit...
 For once a Barbie movie that is good. I'm 18 a...
 I was pleased to see that she had black hair! ...
 There are four great movie depicting the Vietn...
 This movie is absolutely horrible! I thought b...
 Dumbland is not for all. In fact Dumbland mayb...
 (Review in English, since Swedish is not allow...
 In Victorian times a father is separated from ...
 When this film gets it right it really gets it...
 What this film has is its realism , you really...
 "Like the first touch of pleasure and guilt, l...
 This is a weird and compelling film. The topic...
 Although I am not a Michael Jackson fan, I lik...
 Tigerland follows the lives of a group of rece...
 To all the reviewers on this page, I would hav...
 I really should give this stinker more credit ...
 Another one for the Babes & Bullets crowd. The...
 I am a big fan of Arnold Vosloo. Finally seein...
 This documentary begins with an interesting pr...
 The great cinematic musicals were made between...
 They say David Duchovny took six days to write...
 I can safely admit (as an IMDb geek) that 'Pha...
 I can not quite understand why any of the "rev...
 I just got back from the GLBT Film Festival at...
 I had just reached thirteen when I first saw t...
 One of the worst movies I have ever seen. Excr...
 ...okay, maybe not all of it. Lured by the fal...
 Lets make a movie about a talk show that alrea...
 I saw the film yesterday and stopped it at hal...
 I'm sorry to say this, but the acting in this ...
 As Most Off You Might off Seen Star Wars: Retu...
 Really bad. Why anyone thinks this is a good f...
 This movie causes more unintentional laughter ...
 I'm a fan of both Shakespeare and MST3K, so I ...
 This film wasn't programmed in Italian cinemas...
 If you watched the series and love the league ...
 Back in the day if Marion Davies had had her d...
 I have become a big fan of the work of Barbet ...
 This movie is about Carlos "The Jackal" (Quinn...
 Let me start out by saying that I used to real...
 When I first saw this show, I thought it looke...
 As a non-theist Im not going to comment on the...
 Certainly this film has the ring of truth abou...
 "Hail The Woman" is one of the most moving fil...
 Another French film with absurdity. Baise-Moi(...
 As a member of the cast, I was a member of the...
 I was looking forward to seeing John Carpenter...
 I enjoy quality crapness, and this ranks up th...
 This film had no huge stars in it, but did hav...
 The subject this latest adman-turned-movieman ...
 The Canterville Ghost (1996).The director made...
 I am not so much like Love Sick as I image. Fi...
 This is absolutely the best 80s cartoon ever, ...
 Killjoy 2 is the same as killjoy 1. Bad acting...
 Officially the first martial arts movie in USS...
 I saw Teen Devian in 1993 telecasted in Doorda...
 As a long-time fan of Studio Ghibli and especi...
 The Soloist has all ingredients to impress the...
 Jerry Angell, owner of zombie-horror's finest ...
 I am sick of series with young and clueless pe...
 I almost drowned in CHEESE watching this movie...
 This is almost certainly the worst Western I'v...
 I've noticed that a lot of people are taking O...
 Michael Bowen plays an innocentish young man w...
 It was a rare treat to see "Checking Out". I w...
 To say this film stinks would be insulting to ...
 I have no clue as to what this was shot on but...
 I caught this film late on a sat night/ Sunday...
 War drama that takes place in Louisiana in 197...
 To keep from being bored during "Love and Sex,...
 it starts off with a view of earth and jupiter...
 Spheeris used this documentary to push a stere...
 This first two seasons of this comedy series w...
 If you're tired by the same repetitive, uninte...
 The sects that capitalise on this film are wel...
 Spoilers <br /><br />Well, the one line summar...
 This was one of the highlights of ST:TNG's sem...
 I saw the original "Chorus Line" on Broadway G...
 Where do I begin? Walt Disney's happiest motio...
 I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and up...
 It was easy to dismiss this film as hyperbole ...
 Another FRIDAY THE 13TH ripoff, even featuring...
 'Oldboy' director Park Chun-wook returns with ...
 I first saw this movie as a younger child. My ...
 A ghost story on a typical Turkish high school...
 It took a long time until I could find the tit...
 This is not your typical Indian film. There is...
 I ticked the "contains spoiler" box, in case I...
 This movie was so bad it was laughable. I coul...
 I absolutely despise this movie. No wonder Jos...
 Kalifornia is a movie about lost ideals. A jou...
 As other posters have commented this was a ver...
 I sat down through 2 hours of pure boredom. I ...
 If you liked the Richard Chamberlain version o...
 This has to be one of the biggest misfires eve...
 Ralph and Mumford, misfits in their own land, ...
 If I could give it less that 1 I would. Do not...
 Astounding that something like this could find...
 Tommy Lee Jones was the best Woodroe and no on...
 So, this is the WORST movie you will probably ...
 I rented this movie the other day b/c I love r...
 I was pleasantly surprised to find this movie ...
 Awful dreams, wild premonitions, blasphemy and...
 I loved that this film recognizes the intellig...
 What some Hollywood-movies try and practically...
 Well, I get used after awhile to read comments...
 What a great show! A very underrated dramatic ...
 The Invisible Man is a fantastic movie from 19...
 One of Fuller's (a combat veteran himself) ear...
 Just re-saw this movie after thirty seven year...
 This film is one of Michael Keaton's best. Thr...
 From around the time Europe began fighting Wor...
 Caught this movie on TV and I watched it again...
 Sex, drugs, racism and of course you ABC's. Wh...
 Trey Parker and Matt Stone, the creators of So...
 I saw Beyond Rangoon about 20 times, it was TH...
 John Wayne's first starring role just blew me ...
 I missed the beginning of this film, which mig...
 i L-O-V-E this movie... everyone and their gra...
 <br /><br />I tuned into this movie not becaus...
 The first Cruel Intentions, the original, is m...
 I think that can sum up this show about as wel...
 Oh my. How can they make movies of such beauty...
 I'd love to write a little summary of this mov...
 I really liked this movie...it was cute. I enj...
 What an overlooked 80's soundtrack. I imagine ...
 I saw the new redubbed and edited version yest...
 The history of the FBI, as told from the point...
 Just finished watching this movie. I couldn't ...
 Tom Selleck plays an absentee son to senile "p...
 Robert Montgomery and Robert Young are outstan...
 I recently saw this movie in my International ...
 This has got to be the worst movie I have ever...
 The third Muppet movie is perhaps the most rel...
 The Diary of Anne Frank is the second best-sel...
 I enjoyed this film yet hated it because I wan...
 I don't'know... maybe it's because I'm Brazili...
 Not only is it a disgustingly made low-budget ...
 STAR RATING: ***** Saturday Night **** Friday ...
 Very good dramatic comedy about a playwright t...
 This movie was a complete waste of time. The s...
 I have always loved old movies but this is one...
 The first episode of this new show was on toda...
 After having watched Koyaanisqatsi two or thre...
 Is it possible for a movie to get any worse th...
 I remembered seeing this movie when i was a ki...
 Hmm I agree with the reviewer who said that "...
 Following which, the touted update goes and sh...
 Woa, talk about awful. Do not waste your time....
 Loved it! What's not to like?--you got your su...
 An unexpected pleasure as I had heard nothing ...
 When Melville's "Pierre; or The Ambiguities" h...
 More than twenty years before Peter Jackson's ...
 One of the more lucid statements against the d...
 This is a silly movie with much singing and da...
 A country-boy Aussie-Rules player (Mat) goes t...
 Okay, I'll admit the casting in the film is RE...
 This is probably the worst film I have ever se...
 River's edge is not a PLEASANT film to watch b...
 I saw the preview in Femalien and thought it c...
 Wow. Not because of the 3-D imagery, which at ...
 In a year of pretentious muck like "Synecdoche...
 The 1930s saw a vogue for documentary films ab...
 This film played in Lexington KY for 7 days. I...
 Ho Hum. Just another flick with Steven Seagal ...
 I couldn't relate to this film. I'm surprised ...
 If it is true that the movie only cost 150K to...
 Gosha's last great film of the 1960's. A resol...
 Usually, I start my reviews with an explanatio...
 Thats not saying much. This Killjoy film has b...
 The acting- fantastic. The story- amazing. The...
 My abiding love of Italian actress Lucianna Pa...
 I really enjoy this movie. The first time it w...
 I confess to have quite an uneasy feeling abou...
 There is a lot of crap coming out of Hollywood...
 I absolutely adore this film about a lady colu...
 "National Velvet" tells the story of Velvet Br...
 This is a beautiful movie filled with adventur...
 You know, people who make comedies so often fo...
 Yes this movie features a gal named Jessica wh...
 Before the release of George Romero's genre-de...
 I found this movie really funny because you ha...
 to be honest, i didn't watch all of the origin...
 This is an "anthology" horror film. It's made ...
 We went to the movie with a group because the ...
 All things old are new again.Erika E. is on ce...
 Wow, the spookiest thing about this episode wa...
 I'm a big horror film buff, particularly of th...
 This is a good film for die-hard Chucky fans. ...
 I haven't read the book of this and based on t...
 For the very reason that I love movies such as...
 STAR RATING: ***** Unmissable **** Very Good *...
 The apolitical musicians Eva (Liv Ullmann) and...
 I hated this show when I was a kid. That was b...
 A badly-acted two-character comedy-drama abrup...
 This movie got extremely silly when things sta...
 An under-appreciated, unseen gem. Estevez does...
 Dont let the MPAA fool you with their "Rated R...
 Immediately after renting and watching this mo...
 This has to be one of the worst films I have e...
 I saw this Film one midnight and I can say tha...
 Threadbare horror outing has an innocent teen ...
 Had it not been for To Kill A Mockingbird, thi...
 Totally disgusting and cheap bawdy humor. I lo...
 When reading a review from another user, sayin...
 Good things out of the way first:<br /><br />U...
 There's a lot going on in The College Girl Mur...
 Some have compared this film to Deliverance. I...
 "The Brain Machine" will at least put your own...
 To Die For has it all.This film has a great ca...
 Then you must see this film, to understand the...
 If you were ever a fan of MTV"s "The State," t...
 I just caught this on Showtime...ewwwwwww, not...
 This movie is just plain terrible!!!! Slow act...
 "If I sit down I will never stand up again", t...
 This is a fascinating documentary about a 15 y...
 When this first came out 6 months after the tr...
 To most of us, life is an unfolding process of...
 I was surprised and touched by this emotional ...
 Overrated mob comedy. Director Demme makes the...
 No hidden agenda. Pure scifi. All fun.<br /><b...
 The genre of suspense films really takes a div...
 This might be for those who have been to summe...
 After seeing the previews I felt that this mov...
 Ken Harrison, a young sculptor in his early th...
 I've been a fan of Jim Henson and his characte...
 Hedy Lamarr who may have been kept by more men...
 ***SPOILERS!*** I sometimes wonder what makes ...
 CitizenX(1995) is the developing world's answe...
 I happened to spot this flick on the shelf und...
 'The Curse of Frankenstein' sticks faithfully ...
 I tried to give this show a chance, but it rea...
 First things first, I am by no means a picky m...
 This movie is beyond Horrible AVOID AT ALL COS...
 Return to Cabin by the Lake does not, in any w...
 While I agree this was a 1950s sitcom, I don't...
 This movie gives Daniel Wu his chance to do a ...
 It`s funny how instinct warns you of something...
 There is a lot to like in this film, despite i...
 Saw this movie at the Rotterdam IFF. You may q...
 <br /><br />Whether any indictment was intende...
 This film centered on a young lady who makes p...
 This is one of those movies that is so bad it ...
 Disjointed, unclear, bad screenplay, poor phot...
 OK, I would not normally watch a Farrelly brot...
 Great characters, great acting, great dialogue...
 I am a youth pastor's wife and we took some yo...
 The college teacher Larry Donner (Billy Crista...
 Thirty years after its initial release, the th...
 James Hacker MP didn't expect that he would be...
 I am a big fan of low budget horror movies lik...
 Ever wonder where the ideas for romance novels...
 I'm Czech and soldiers (not only pilots) who e...
 Yeah i bought camp blood and it wasted about 8...
 ..."Flight of the Living Dead" sports producti...
 I rented this movie, but I wasn't too sure wha...
 In the opening scene of "Malta Story" Mr A.Gui...
 There is a growing trend in the media to vilif...
 The Brothers Quay are directors, judging by co...
 There is NOTHING cool, hip, or clever about th...
 ***May Contain Spoilers*** OK, it wasn't exact...
 I just saw this movie last night and, being so...
 That Certain Thing is the story of a gold digg...
 When you look at Mexico's best movies you will...
 This is a really bad film, with bad acting and...
 This was a pretty good movie that was overall ...
 Two redeeming qualities of this film were the ...
 The first time I ever saw this movie was when ...
 My first impression would be this is Beowulf o...
 This movie has some good performances, as othe...
 The gates of Hell opened up and spit out this ...
 I was never all that impressed by Night Galler...
 Based on actual events of 1905, silent film TH...
 Great film about an American G.I. who quits th...
 As a kid, I loved this game. I played it a zil...
 So many fans, so little to show for it. I know...
 As far as I can understand, TIW WATCHER is the...
 That was a waste of 9 dollars. the movie was t...
 I would give this show a ten out of ten if it ...
 ... but I laughed. A lot.<br /><br />I saw 'As...
 I found this film completely and utterly incom...
 An ultra-modern house in an affluent neighborh...
 Tintin was one of my favorite heroes as a kid....
 Originally I rented this film for my daughter ...
 "Hatred of a Minute" is arguably one of the be...
 "Committed" is all about Graham as an irrepres...
 Ok, I've seen plenty of movies dealing with wi...
 I watched this on HBO because it won the Oscar...
 When I saw this animation for first time (I wa...
 THE SHOP AROUND THE CORNER is one of the sweet...
 When I go out to the video store to rent a fli...
 When I first saw this film on video in a depar...
 For a low budget project, the Film was a succe...
 What a horrible movie. This movie was so out o...
 Let's get some things straight first: Zombies ...
 In a nutshell, skip this movie, it's that bad....
 I just saw this movie for the first time last ...
 Sergei Eisenstein's most famous movie has trul...
 Low budget Brit pop melodrama focuses on a gir...
 I'm shocked that all the "hated it" ratings ar...
 As a "lapsed Catholic" who had 11 years of Cat...
 The viewer who said he was disappointed seems ...
 The rumor is true: girls like COYOTE UGLY more...
 This movie starts out a little slow but kicks ...
 Mt little sister and I are self-proclaimed hor...
 I saw this film at Amsterdam's International D...
 This show is painful to watch ...<br /><br />I...
 Probably the only thing that got the movie up ...
 Russ and Valerie are having discussions about ...
 A European musician and composer sets out to c...
 Viewed this GREAT Classic film of Greta Garbo ...
 I didn't expect much when I saw this at the Pa...
 Man, this gets a lot of good reviews in the re...
 This is without doubt the best documentary eve...
 I liked this movie. That's pretty much all I c...
 I watched this movie out of a lack of anything...
 One of the best and most exciting of all consp...
 OK OK, it might be hard to put the entirety of...
 I saw this series when it world premiered at t...
 It's a testament to Gosha's incredible film-ma...
 Thanks to the helpfulness of a fellow IMDb mem...
 I thought this movie was perfect for little gi...
 Michael Keaton has really never been a good ac...
 One measurement for the greatness of a movie i...
 Let's just say I had to suspend my disbelief l...
 Well, here we have yet another role reversal m...
 Oh man, why? "Six Degrees" is a show about thi...
 There has been a political documentary, of rec...
 The movie was "OK". Not bad, not good, just OK...
 Not all movies are Oscar worthy but let's face...
 i just saw Dick Tracy and I thought it was ter...
 The Haunting is a film that boasts a really cr...
 I watched this last night on TV (HBO). I have ...
 Down to Earth is about Lance Barton, a black c...
 I have never read a Jacqueline Susann novel, b...
 I was not nearly as smitten with this as many ...
 This movie started out cringe-worthy--but it w...
 Definitely an odd debut for Michael Madsen. Ma...
 Charlie Wilson's War, based on a true story, t...
 People are being too hard on the film. Sometim...
 This Gundam series only follows Gundam 0083 St...
 The Brave One seems to indicate that the main ...
 I was amazingly impressed by this movie. It co...
 Many mystery stories follow the standard whodu...
 By 1955, five years after this one was release...
 Despite having a very pretty leading lady (Ros...
 I loved this show. Such talent; and I am so di...
 In all of low budget history. this movie has t...
 Thin story concerns two small town brothers an...
 I had seen this movie when I was a boy (Before...
 Hopper has never been worse as if he felt as t...
 If you came into the film with expectations, t...
 Despite the previous reviewer's screed, this i...
 Breaking Glass is a film that everyone aspirin...
 'Rejseholdet' is one of the best new danish tv...
 After realizing what is going on around us ......
 I had few problems with this film, and I have ...
 This program is a lot of fun and the title son...
 Greenaway seems to have a habit of trying deli...
 This is one of the most hateful and cruel movi...
 "Air Bud 2: Golden Receiver" is a very bad reh...
 I think I will make a movie next weekend. Oh w...
 After watching this movie on tv, I looked it u...
 How often do we live our romantic life as on t...
 After seeing the TV commercials for this film ...
 The movie was totally Awesome and Cool. The gr...
 This is one of those movies that showcases a g...
 After ''Empire strikes back'' ''Return of the ...
 This is an incredible piece of drama and power...
 Why does this movie fall WELL below standards?...
 Whoa. I mean, whoa. I mean, whoa whoa.<br /><b...
 What an utter disappointment. Forget this abys...
 Bad, bad, bad. How do movies like this get mad...
 Long trailer? whoever said that has got to be ...
 The film opens with a cult leader attempting t...
 I truly fell in love with the characters. They...
 I first saw this movie in the night program of...
 Antonio Margheriti's "Danza Macabra" aka. "Cas...
 This is one of the worst movies ever made. Tri...
 It seems that all companies that are enjoy wit...
 This film probably would have been good,if the...
 What a disaster! Normally, when one critiques ...
 I remember catching this film on a C4 screenin...
 A group of cats look to find their way home af...
 I love so much about this movie: the music, th...
 This is John Waters best film to date. The cha...
 Having read all of the comments on this film I...
 Yeah, I guess this movie is kinda dull compare...
 . . . or type on a computer keyboard, they'd p...
 I found this movie quite by accident, but am h...
 think of the most un-film-worthy subject you c...
 "Nurse Betty" is the kind of movie you can't d...
 I watched this mini in the early eighties. Sam...
 From the beginning of the show Carmen was ther...
 I made a big mistake going to see this film. T...
 Depending entirely on your own personal state ...
 <br /><br />One would expect a movie with a fa...
 Why did the histories of Mary and Rhoda have t...
 The movie is not that bad, Ringo Lam sucks. I ...
 "Sir" has played Lear over 200 times,but tonig...
 The Truth and Reconciliation process in South ...
 This picture started out with good intentions,...
 One of the greatest lessons I ever had in how ...
 Our America is multi-cultural, with so many su...
 It is the early morning of our discontent, and...
 If any movie ever made Italians look bad, this...
 This was a very brief episode that appeared in...
 "Scientists at a remote lab experiment on (ins...
 If you played "Spider-Man" on the PS version, ...
 It's really rare that you get an inside view a...
 Why is it that every time I mention this movie...
 I have NOT seen this movie, but I must. Having...
 Lord, this sucked. There's a particular sort o...
 I happened to have seen this movie this mornin...
 As someone who loves baseball history, especia...
 My thoughts on the movie, 9<br /><br />It was ...
 John Carpenter's career is over if this sad ex...
 <br /><br />Headlines warn us of the current c...
 Babette's Feast, for me, is about healing: men...
 If you like really shocking movies this is for...
 I saw this last week during Bruce Campbell's b...
 This movie is another one on my List of Movies...
 Firstly, the title has no relevance whatsoever...
 Halloween is one of the best examples of indep...
 I must say as a girl with a cowboy of my own,I...
 I must admit that this is one of the worst mov...
 This movie is a total dog. I found myself stra...
 With several name actors (Lance Henrikson, Dav...
 The future of fantasy never looked so dark! Ch...
 The title leads viewers to believe that this i...
 For the most part, "Michael" is a disaster  t...
 90 minutes of Mindy...Mindy is a tease to boyf...
 I saw the movie in the theater at its release,...
 Dog Bite Dog isn't going to be for everyone, b...
 Halloween is one of those movies that gets you...
 I saw this with high expectations. Come on, it...
 A stunning film of high quality.<br /><br />Ap...
 And I repeat, please do not see this movie! Th...
 To be hones, I used to like this show and watc...
 I loved it, having been a fan of the original ...
 Hello it is I Derrick Cannon and I welcome you...
 Imaginary Heroes is clearly the best film of t...
 This movie is a disgrace to the Major League F...
 A remake of Alejandro Amenabar's Abre los Ojos...
 When I first tuned in on this morning news, I ...
 I got this one a few weeks ago and love it! It...
 Lame, lame, lame!!! A 90-minute cringe-fest th...
 Les Visiteurs, the first movie about the medie...
 John Garfield plays a Marine who is blinded by...
 Robert Colomb has two full-time jobs. He's kno...
 This is your typical junk comedy.<br /><br />T...
 I thought this movie did a down right good job...
 Bad plot, bad dialogue, bad acting, idiotic di...
 I am a Catholic taught in parochial elementary...
 I'm going to have to disagree with the previou...
 No one expects the Star Trek movies to be high...